I know a lot of people who hate on Trump supporters just because they support him.  I'm not too fond of his policies, but I don't dislike Trump supporters because of that.  Everybody's entitled to their own opinion.

I recall seeing thousands of Obama stickers, not as many Hillary, but still a considerable amount, and zero Biden stickers. Yes ZERO. And I live in a blue state. i wonder if the only votes for Biden are really votes against trump and how many people will really bother to go out and vote when they have no enthusiasm for their candidate.

You can tell this is a completely fabricated story by the claim to have seen a Biden sticker.

Nobody has a Biden sticker. There are no Biden fans in the real world.

You had me in the first half ngl

People don’t want a sticker synonymous with pedophile on their car.

I had trump 2020 side mirror covers (along with a flag, bumper stickers, and a life sized picture of trump’s head in my back window so it looks like i’m his chauffeur) and somebody fucking stole my side mirror covers :( made me sad. They really tied the whole ensemble together

You seriously have to be mentally ill to have a beto sticker on your car.

As a 'dirty leftist' I just want to say thank you for being a good example to both sides.  

The way I was raised, doing shenanigans like TPing someones house or vandalizing their car was 'baby games'.  I don't understand why people on either side do this.  Not only is there no point to tearing each other down, It's not like taking someones yard signs is going to get them to change their mind.  If anything it just reaffirms to them that the other side are the assholes.

I’ve seen a couple of Biden signs and a whole lot of trump signs

If a conservative ever really wants to mess up a liberal all they have to do is dial 911

I woulda taken half the air out of the tires to distribute amongst the others needing air in their tires.

Let me know when it's time to take the gloves off. I'm getting pretty tired of being the strong, silent (and forgiving) type.

Got me on the first half NGL, I was like, damn we really like this now but nah we better than them. No sense in violence.

That's why I don't put political stuff on my car.

This is the problem with our country. That one side thinks they are so right that they can silence the other side.

LOL and most importantly felt bad for the deranged, ignorant, mask-wearing sheep who drives it.

Eh both sides has their extremists. I’m somewhere in middle I agree with some stuff on left and some on the right. But not fully on either side.

BETO?!?!!!!! I forgot about that Reagan public relations turd. Having forgot then remembered gets a thank you. But not. Lol

I’m pretty sure you don’t need to cover Sydney Watson’s name in screenshots because she’s a public person

Crazy person stealing a sign [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7F40ttSwiQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7F40ttSwiQ)

1000%! I've had 7 Trump signs stolen from my yard and I have never once considered taking anyone's anything.

Busting your ass has nothing to do with any of this, but hey, kudos for that at least.

The problem with the left is that they truly believe they're fighting against "evil", so they justify doing evil.

You're voting for a clinically insane, deranged lunatic. that's quite psycho in my book.

I know this thread is old and I got downvoted a bunch last time, but my point was proven today in Texas, so...

I dislike at least we don't have nazi salutes in our rallies

But you try to commit vehicular manslaughter again Biden in Texas.. ok fake post. Hillary nailed it when she said deplorables.  Yall are threatening to kill Americans if you dont win. 3% ers have said they will be shooting if trump dont win

Trump's behaviour is absolutely shameful, undignified, and cowardly. It is deeply UNAMERICAN, a shame to the world, hypocritical in the extreme. This man has no integrity, no class, no moral standards.

Well...that one President-deelect, leading all of you conservatives most definitely is.

You sure you didn't firebomb an abortion clinic?

Do any of you fucking heathens ever take a minute and think about how absolutely fucking dumb and inbred you really are?  I've kept my mouth shut for years, but fuck it you all have driven me to insane levels of violence, reap what ya sow ya bunch of closeted homosexual fancy dude in the sky worshippers.  Just remember, suck it bitch

Thats funny because I remember seeing many video accounts of Trump supporters and conservatives burning down any blue flag, or LGBTQ, or BLM flag they find. Nice try, but theres too much evidence for the latter to back up this claim. Sure you didnt smash windows on this instance, but your friend, ole Bill is setting fires on your neighbors porch.

Damn, almost like biden supporters don't want you to be stripped of your rights so its kinda not the same thing at all :/

And 99% of you guys wouldn't do anything shitty. Such a fucking awful political landscape that people who disagree are doing this shit too each other.

[huh...](https://v.redd.it/q2rari24lfu51)

crazy how the side suspending democracy and committing genocide is getting violent pushback and the side that's NOT doing these things isnt...

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

guess it's just one of those coincidences...

I'm on neither side, centrist here. I prefer to vote for who I believe would best help the USA. I try to find the facts instead of all the bull crap and lies churned out by the media on both sides. 

This reaction is how it should be, but sadly I've seen almost nothing but insanity from both sides. 

Honestly I miss the Bush or Clinton administration, where people on both sides had some class rather than the dregs we see now acting like children acting out because they didn't get their way. 

Thank you for being one of the good people.

Or because you guys are fatass white nerds who sit inside and scream the n word over xbox all day but ain't gonna do shit irl. That's why you guys get jumped in mobs and we don't. We're the athletic hardasses.

This is saying the quiet part out loud, that politics for Trumpers is no more personal or meaningful than sports allegiance or entertainment choices. It's just for lulz

Of course, because Michigan didn't happen. Right?

I don't understand the point of looking to vilify *either* side. Why is it that rational discussions can't be held? Too much anger and misunderstandimg. The political climate has become a caricature of its former self.

This chick is on point

BLM movement take names from football teams, black lady off syrup, black man off rice, black man off cookies, boycotted Mexican products...etc etc. wouldn’t minorities want to celebrate those things?

“B-but the left can’t be racist!! They don’t hold institutional power!” *owns all of the major tech industries/corporations controlling society*

Don't forget they are  marxists and funded from outside governments that want death to america.

Sorry but it’s also a ton of racist angry black folks too.

Actually there was a party switch in the 1960s not that I have any proof but if you disagree you are a Nazi and a racist.

/s

She ain’t black. /s

Owens 2024

Like they don’t realize that white people die from police shootings too

She's amazing.

Wasn't it actually founded by Jewish women?

...and they also consort with demons. Don't forget that part!

Yup

Code Switch on NPR is more racist. Worse, it's tax-funded.

Kinda love that lady.

She's not wrong

Couldn’t have said it better myself

I don’t know about just men but white people mostly for sure

Candace Owens 2024!

They also get bothered by 'all lives matter'

Duh

Candace for president after Trump that way she would be a young black madame president and let’s see how dems loose their shit

By "white men" does she mean jewish?

They aren’t white, they are Jewish.

It’s pretty genius if you think about it. Too bad the right wing can’t come up with a similar scam.

Her points are completely correct and to the point

Bullseye Candice..!

Sure but like, source?

Don't know who she is yet, sounds like I need to learn another something new. Thank You.

Correction: White men and women, especially the millenials and half of zoomers

It really bugs me how the Democrats and BLM are so racist and no one can see it on the left. The Democrats repeat “we’re not the racist ones” over and over and everyone falls for it. 

The sad thing is that your average person isn’t going to go and research all this stuff for themselves. So they’ll put trust into left owner companies and media sources. So while the Republicans try to do good, we get called white supremacist. And Democrats actually do racist things yet are called “progressive”.

There is a difference between the idea of BLM and the organization BLM. I think most people just want recognition for the idea of BLM, most don't care either way about the organization BLM.

Exactly. They are using black people as accessories and many dont seem to realise that and still blame white people for not caring or not being equal etc...or just blaming them for thier issues.

Hey, a bunch of the soldiers are black!

oh why not be more specific what "kind" of white are those people? also why my ('s got my post removed : D you guys know it so well... damn

True

He didn't break it, it's working exactly as designed.

This is absolut hypocrisy at its best.

Now someone do the Kathy Griffith photo shoot but holding Biden’s head. She reposted it and it’s still up so I’m sure the Biden one will stay up too

*Communism

that’s so biased. it’s unfair. they’re doing the same w trumps tweets too, wtf

I hate Twitter

TOP KEK

Fuck Twitter ‼️

Georgia going blue hurts a lot. Its strange that trump can be up by 8% then all of a sudden every vote after is for biden for the next TWO DAYS?

dude... some of my REAL LIFE ACQUAINTANCES tell me they feel sorry for me for liking Trump.  And he's so rude and talks too much, and blah blah blah...  I think they think I give a shit.  LOL

&#x200B;

TRUMP 2020!  I really hope they figure out how they cheated and stop it!

Need to stop using all of these liberal products and hit em in the wallet. Stop reading ny times watching lib channels using Facebook. Get all friends and families involved

So glad Candace Owens is suing fact checkers. Time for some retribution.

The party of lies encourages misinformation in their favor only your fucking white supremacist

Fuck Twitter, Facebook and 90 percent of the subs on reddit

That right there is enough evidence to shut them down

I think you have to be verified on twitter for the filter to kick in

Fuck twitter

Dismantle the whole fucking mess. Rise up.

America first, bitch! Bang bang bang bang bang

Damn that was pretty smart!

Pathetic twitter

I believe that it’s real but there’s also the possibility that he screenshoted it a second after he did it.

Nothing to see here, move along sheep. Twitter knows best.

Fuckin classic.

None of em fact checked mine

Twitter bad

Has the supreme court finished counting the votes or they still counting it?

Did you write trump won Pennsylvania to fully confirm I bet you didn’t because then it wouldn’t fit your narrative. Also you don’t have a huge following or verified on twitter so there’s your reason

Except tweets don’t make regulations and policies that affect millions of people......  this is called censorship. Not great but not fascism. If Trump and Republicans want freedom of speech so badly, they should write on their own websites.

Maybe it has something to do with him commenting only a minute later that it was fake - he said himself that it was fake so twitter’s overworked fact checkers didn’t have to do it for him

Also, I think they may only do it for verified users

Why does Twitter gotta be so discriminatory against check-marked people

Wow

God you guys are dumb

Fascism by definition is right wing. If you're going to cry about losing an election the least you can do is use proper terminology.

Acting like you people didn't just do every single thing possible to rig this election.

Maybe because... hear me out here... this guy is not a public figure and has no influence whatsoever

Jack for Jail 2020 - forever.  Him and Zuckfuck, and all their evil awful sites where the rules are thrown out because of oligarch authoritarian soyboys.

It's almost like there's only one group that is falsely claiming victory or something! Good fucking riddance to you fascists.

Go to Parler dorks

The fact that this has so many upvotes and almost no criticism in the comments speaks volumes about you lot. The tweet that got flagged was a by a verified user and was retweeted 3,732 times. Obviously Twitter is not going to fact check every single one of billions of tweets, only the high-profile ones.

Is the Biden campaign falsely claiming victory in any of the states?

Because THE PRESIDENT is lying about it, they are focused on lies coming from THE PRESIDENT’s supporters. 

If Biden claimed that he had won North Carolina, they would have censored that too. The difference is he has the self control and poise to not do that, despite being a demented senile old  who doesn’t know where or when he is.

Is twitter only fact checking blue ticks? The top one doesn't have a tick which may be why it's not marked

The amount of tears on this subreddit are wonderful. Thank you all for the great laugh

That guy doesn’t have a check mark though. Only verified users can be censored.

Having Leo and Rudy?   Oh man this is getting fun

How?  He's obviously black so he clearly didn't vote for Trump.

We have the best lawyers on our side.

Trump better accept this amazing offer!

LEO AND RUDY, UNSTOPPABLE LEGAL FORCE! LETS GO! THIS ONES FOR THE PATRIOTS!!!!!!

Leo is The Man!!

Based Leo.

Sign that man up. The more big legal brains the better.👍

You know he's a thousandfold more passionate and dedicated if he does it willingly for free. A badge of honor. For democracy!

Leo is being modest - he IS the best trial lawyer in the country - perhaps ever. 
Leo, Rudy and Levin - a legal dream team with a combined IQ of 590!

     "It's a good thing he won't charge anything.  Otherwise Drumpf would never pay"

  Dems probably

Just goes to show that there are other ways to fight for your country.

Tell him to keep fighting the good fight

Can you imagine being him and his dream case finally pops up? I’m sure he’s been waiting a lotta years for this opportunity. I hope Trump takes him up on his offer, Leo is a beast.

Things are lookin really good in our favor boys (n girls)

Imagine if Biden got John Edwards......hahahhahahahahhahha the irony

Trump will have to pay him, can't give the left a reason to cry "Trump's engaging in slavery!" Wish I was joking. But hats off to this guy for stepping up to the plate, that's what a real American looks like!

Leo 2.0

All you lefty TDS flaired Snowflakes: Leo Terrell was on YOUR side until he woke up to the lies and hate of the Left. He has vowed to never vote Democrat again. Think about that. Reconcile the logic, critical thinking, and fact checking a lawyer does and what made Leo #WalkAway!

Rudy is a good man

Can't wait for the libs to pull his black card lol

If I could upvote this many times, I would.   u/TheLeoTerrell May God Bless You and THANK YOU for your commitment to this country, the peoples' President, and for stepping up to keep our nation free!

Did the Don accept his offer?

I’m getting pretty sick of winning. Jk no I’m not

CNN: Trump hired a black lawyer and didn't pay!

I like the zero dollars part, lol that made me smile. This is awesome!!!! Trump 2020!!

Lol!!! This is getting better and better.

Leo was democratic but I think his appearances on fox made his mind up. Great guy now.

Very smart of him to volunteer to fight this for free. If they can overturn this election his status would rocket into orbit. 

People would come knocking down his door to come and take their case.

This. Just. Got. Good.

Anybody see this?

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ztu5Y5obWPk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ztu5Y5obWPk)

Clear evidence of cheating. Minutes 25-45.

LINEAR lines would not exist on the output otherwise.

And just like that, Leo lost all his melanin.

Imagine the books him and Rudy will write in the years following this. This is such a huge time in history that will be remembered for decades to come.

/chuckles in #winning and rubs hands together feverishly

This is gonna get good boys

Let’s hope trump accepts his offer!

Welcome aboard the Trump train.

Thats great, the loser wouldn't pay you anyway.

Can we just leave the republicans to run all of USA on their own, and have everyone else leave for Northern Canada and just see what a hell-hole America turns into?

Trump20

Hell yeah....

Hero!!!

Leo 2.0!

My man...

Mr. 2.0 Himself!  Nice!

That's what some may call... pretty fascist

Reddit is ass-ho

How dare you post news in a news sub

 Yea, it's been like this since the Democratic National Convention of 2016 when Hillary was named the candidate. The very next day, the politics sub was taken over by "Correct The Record" trolls, and the admins were either working on Hillary's campaign, or working at Correct The Record.

Then it spread to other subs when people left politics looking for unbiased political discussion. It's been down hill since then.

What conceivable, legitimate reason could they have for nuking this?

Absolutely none whatsoever.

Election interference

Facebook is censoring the story as well. Imagine if this was one of Trump’s children. It would be trending on EVERYTHING.

Ah, censoring the stuff people don't want you to know. The media's favorite pastime

Why did they remove it? Is it not news?

I tried it on politics and got removed too haha. I now know how they curate the front page to push their narrative

Left always was and always will be totalitarian. 

Imagine what will happen when they will get power.

Wow. When I tried, it was auto-deleted.

It's important to realize that most users of such sites have carefully cultivated a self-imposed information blackout, in some cases going back decades.

The mods are just providing services as expected.

I miss the glorious wild west days of the internet :(

You guys that subreddit is filled with liberal retards. 
They will block anything that's anti-Biden, they will encourage anything that's anti-Trump and they will block anything that is pro Trump.

There's definitely a slant here

They will never allow anything negative about the left or positive about the right in any default sub on reddit.

They are all filled constantly with the most trivial things about trump, omggggggg he had mcdonalds for lunch reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. And it will get 50k upvotes and a million medals.

Meanwhile pics of hunter passed out with a Crack pipe in his mouth, and all of these bombshell details about his father and hunters involvement in actual corruption in ukraine,  nowhere to be found.

Post it to your relatives on facebook. That Drives them nuts.

Kinda unrelated but how do we get flairs? I see people with snowflake flairs, I’m assuming its cuz theyre dems, but since they aren’t self assigned i assume a mod gives em? I’m a Canadian trump supporter though, from an objective point of view, you guys having trump sometimes makes me jealous, his results are great

This is a communist platform. Are you surprised lol

I got banned from news a long time ago for posting the name of the publicly known Ukraine phone call "whistleblower".

After I was banned I sent links of his name published in various sources and clips of elected leaders saying it to the mods, but nah. Still banned. They never even responded.

#Reddit is trash.

Gotta keep the crackhead "community" safe. :-P

EDIT: Good lord there are a f-ton amount of posted articles on all of the news subs and of course the cesspool known as "politics", claiming that it's "Russian disinformation".

Spam post the shit out of these articles. They can’t stop all of us.

use saidit

[https://saidit.net/s/Trump2020/](https://saidit.net/s/Trump2020/)

Chinese trash to you... loL

o shit facts. mod team hey get rid of that! we dont want to actually show news here!

Change it to Trump in the title but keep the same article linked lol

Fuck Reddit,  they  Banned me from NC, where Iive, cuz their a Bunch of Fucking Democrats ! 
I made a Comment about Juneteenth, being my Anniversary...whicj i said it was NOW A HOLIDAY.
That's been over 120 days now.

I guess that was the Problem..no one told me...Assholes 💩 on em.

I wish these fake named subs would be up front about who they are and we probably wouldn't bother trying to post.

Only 3 mins,  kinda slow for them !

Reddit doesn't even bother trying to hide their Lefty beliefs anymore

Can't believe you are allowed to post this!

reddit is absolutley trash!! bunch of commie fuCkS. limiting our free speech.. tyranny at its finest.

Hunted Biden is the second biggest American CRIMINAL of all time, after his corrupt Ukranian mafia dad!

“True to their purpose.”

That is what “news” is all about today.

I did an event for a political person not long ago and we actually made good friends when we worked together. I posted a few photos to my social media and someone posted a really negative comment about this person I did the event for. The comment is still there, I left it. Freedom of speech rules.

HUNTER BIDEN IS A METHHEAD

Fuck the fucking fuck out of reddit bitch ass reddit

But 3 years' and $30 million worth of Russian collusion bullshit.

The Purpose that they are talking about is?? Oh yeah, producing Leftist propaganda.

But the mods here can’t do that

It says *keeping communities safe* , but what I thought it said was *keeping communist safe*

That is exactly correct, mam. 

And not only that, the dirty Biden clan was laundering American aid money back through corrupt Ukraine oil companies. 

Both of them need to be prosecuted for sedition. Especially Quid Pro Joe.

Pelosi, Kerry and a few others have adult children up to their eyeballs in the same money laundering with similar Ukraine oil companies. 

They tried to impeach Trump for something they, THEMSELVES are guilty of.

How the hell do I get paid millions of dollars and smoke crack not that I want to I'm just curious where the job applications are for that

Just remember if this would be the situation with Trumps son you'd see this sentiment posted everywhere.

Just like Kamala was smoking weed and listening to time-travelling Tupac then went and locked up black guys for possession.

Listen, fat. Everybody knows the reason is because is because because it’s the you know the thing. Go vote for Trump.

Yeah but it’s different when white people do it.

 Come on Man!

Rules for thee, but not for me

You silly fools.......he wasn't smoking crack he was smoking meth....  how silly are people to think the vice president of the USA had a crackhead for a son

If there's anything that can convince me of the existence of white privilege it's democratic politicians

And there is this: (Take it with a Grain of Salt)

https://www.toptradeguru.com/news/cia-whistleblower-obama-biden-sent-iran-152-billion-as-a-coverup-for-the-deaths-of-seal-team-6/?amp=1

Hunter is finished for sure now!

Looks like someone doesn't understand DEM privilege.

Full page ads

Lmfaoooo

To quote the old marketing saw,”Yeah, it’s kinda like that.”

Are we really just now realizing this? She can't be this dumb.

Cmon man. Still gotta vote Biden because he’s not Trump.

White on white crime needs to STOP

Hypocritical democrats??  How can it be?!

It’s this and the bitch that made her career off of both sleeping her way to the top and prosecuting black males for easier conviction rates on the left... I’m a life long Democrat, and I won’t even vote for Barris.

Using your kids to enrich yourself by demanding half of what they were paid....Packer Joe is worse than even I thought.

Why yes Samantha...yes he was.

Joe Biden: "Come on, man. It's different with us..."

Will Joe Biden come to the rescue of his son and rightfully take the blame for this embarrassing and highly illegal international situation? Will Hunter's arrest be captured on film or broadcast live, like OJ?

**Is Hunter The Great White OJ?**

#Biden Concede and Drop-Out

I guess some may say he is living the American Dream.  
Sarcasm 
Look as Harris Career with drugs as well. Both taking and locking others up for.

And meth.

Didnt trumps son funnel money out of a charity for CANCER!!!

Because #BlackLivesNoMatter. Only #BlackVotesMatter

Darn!!!  And he was getting that Ukrainian Gold grade stuff too!  ( wonder if it was Radioactive? )

Was he actually getting payed millions though. Is there evidence to support it? Also there are a shit ton of free Americans smoking whatever they eant

I saw someone bring up hunter bidens crack issues on twitter
But literally every single comment was about, how bad addiction is and how the person who tweeted this needed help for making fun of addiction problems.

Well yes, but actually no. That was a meth pipe.

That's actually a really great point, we should stop criminalizing drug use and instead treat addiction like the disease it is and give poor Americans the opportunity to grow and recover instead of being stuck in a cycle of poverty, addiction, and incarceration.

This sub is gonna get banned. Again.

Its meth... big difference.. meth is a lot worse.

Remember for decades black activists pointed to the omnibus crime bill of the '90s as example of racism.

Joe Biden wrote and sponsored that bill.

And yet still plays himself off as king of the blacks

Proven that trumps on cocaine, addy and a derivative for meth. I got references and evidence if you would like to hear me out, if not, ignore me

Detroit helps everybody!

Tbh I’m considering moving to Detroit

Detroit gave us ICP, eminem and that one song by kid rock. And KISS I think. Much love to Detroit

Edit: alright I fucked up. Just a shout out to J Dilla and Motown. Detroit has brought us so much great music, cars, people and culture. Thank you Detroit!!!

Well, Detroit, I'm sorry for all the grief we, the internet, has said about you. In honor of coming in and preventing a Donald Trump victory, I propose to boo Ohio.

We see you Detroit 🙌

Arizona ALSO showed up, which was pushed over by Latino votes, mate.

You guys need to represent minorities in a big way, and if Latinos and Blacks can unify in a BIG way, it never has to be this scary ever again. At least I hope anyway.

Love you Detroit

And then a bunch of white MAGA supporters showed up outside a Detroit ballot counting center to stop their votes from counting.

I’m in Ohio and have friends in Detroit and it is really popping. A melting pot if there ever is one

Atlanta, Detroit, Philly!

Much love for Detroit! Also I need a new season of Detroiters next year please, Sam!

Thank you to the awesome voters in Detroit :)

Detroit ❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸

I got goosebumps reading this! They get a lot of flack, but they stepped up when we needed it most!

Detroit and Michigan have produced the best people I know. Proud to be from southeast Michigan!!!!!!

Detroit and these rust belt states need to be rewarded for their faith in Biden. These states have been hit hard with loss of jobs and both parties haven't done enough to revitalize this area. We need to invest in new jobs as a way to reward their faith in us. This only helps us for the next election cycle.

Thank you brother and sister city for sharing your voice.

thank you detroit!

Thank you Detroit, you are all patriots!

I swear, the the next time anyone says something bad about Detroit, I'm going to remind them that Detroit saved us from Donald Trump.

Put some respek on it!

So I guess you can have shit in Detroit??🤔😂😂

Yes. I will remember this.  Especially at at time when media have been playing up news of Ice Cube and Lil Wayne stroking the tRump dick. Don't let a few aging rappers disgrace the commitment and sacrifices of the larger black and POC communities.

Don't forget Milwaukee. Not the blackest city in America, but for Wisconsin, it may as well be Wakanda!

Thanks for coming through Detroit, and Milwaukee too. And Philadelphia (probably).

THANK YOU DETROIT!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️

Detroit deserves better.  Hopefully President Biden helps them get it.

Detroit: "Fine, I'll do it myself."

Detroit and Flynt stepped up and saved America. Biden needs to ensure they get the Federal help and rejuvenation they desperately need.

DETROIT VS ALL THE RACISTS IN MICHIGAN

Respect!

Respect.

[obligatory soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYs2HHYqmxw) (Fedde Le Grand)!

As much as we West Michiganders poke at Detroit, I hope Detroit Democrats understand just how much we appreciate you! We talk about it all the time.

THANK YOU DETROIT!!

My city!! So proud to be a Detroiter.

Thank you so much Detroit.

Thank you Detroit! Let's do this!!!!!!

I love you Detroit!!!!

Born and raised in Cleveland. One of my favorite videos is the [Hastily Made Cleveland Tourism Video Part 2](https://youtu.be/oZzgAjjuqZM)

Well I would like to formally apologize for the last couple seconds of that video. Honestly I wish Cleveland WAS like Detroit.   I may still hate that whore Ann Arbor (Go Buckeyes!), but Detroit is a wonderful city, my soon to be wife from Detroit is the love of my life, and I couldn't be more grateful to the voters of Wayne County and surrounding areas saving America.

Edit* shout out to my /r/lakeeriebros Go Lions!

Trump after losing Michigan: Fuckers didn't vote for me, can't have shit in Detroit

DETROIT!!

Detroit- We Thank You!

As a non American who loves Eminem, Detroit is in my top 10 states.

Thank you to the real republicans that ain't part of the trump cult. Atleast Republicans are consistent in what they dislike. Meanwhile trump supporters one second chanting count the votes and the other second to stop the votes

No, thank you for accepting us.

I read a tweet earlier that really hit home. It wasn’t republicans that put Biden over the edge it was people of color, the minorities that the country smashes down everyday that put Biden in the seat. And I want to remember that.

You are welcome. I dont agree with Joe on everything, but I agree this was a fight for the soul of this country, and Joe will restore that. Another 4 years of Trump would've been dreadful. The real question is what will Jimmy Kimmel talk about every night now that Trump is out of office???

you are welcome for a handful of republican votes for democrats in Arizona.   They fucked up covid, i voted them all out.   I may be republican (as they call themselves as well) but the way my group of colleagues and I figured sometimes you gotta trade away bad players to get better ones.  Hopefully the next candidates the republican party fields will be more like our values.  If not, maybe the democrats will be again.   I don't vote the ticket, I vote my conscience and beliefs.     Most of us have never voted in an election before either.

Thank you progressives who didn’t stay home or vote Green even though they are more aligned with your beliefs. Thank you minorities who, despite so many efforts to disenfranchise you, still went to the ballot box and had your voices heard. Thank you workers who took off work to vote and the millions who waited hours in line to get to the ballot box. 

Thank you to the Republicans who voted for Biden, but if you voted for him this week and next week rejoin the party that denies human rights and dignity to LGBTQIA+, racial minorities, immigrants, Muslims, and women, you’re still part of the problem.

Thank EVERYONE of any race, color, orientation age or belief system that voted to end the madness. You are ALL my heros.

Nothing has given me more hope in the last several months than all the reports of Republicans voting for Biden.

I mean... a higher percentage of republicans voted for Trump this time than in 2016, so not really gonna give them credit. Glad that facing legitimate fascism some Republicans turned away, but the fact is that we should be thanking organizers behind Black Votes Matter and other organizers in Detroit, Philadelphia, and Atlanta.

Yup Real Republicans not trump "Republican"

The black vote decided this more than anything else. Hundreds of thousands of black voters in inner cities often overlooked (Atlanta, Detroit, Philidelphia) basically decided this election. From the bottom of my heart, black America, you have saved the day and earned this moment.

Thank you!!!!!

I’m a republican not dumb

I find it curious that there were Republicans happy to vote Biden while leftists did so begrudgingly.

Thanks for being so welcoming big tent folks.

Saved the country!!!

Thanks for not being a cultist!

I was a pre GWB republican. I still prefer traditionally conservative policies but the GOP hasn’t represented those in a long time. 

It’s gotten so bad that I find it difficult to explain my position. I can’t say I lean right of center because Trump and McConnell have proven that’s just not true. I’m no where near leaning toward whatever the hell it is they’re selling. 

Now I vote blue. I’m not fond of their policies but my options are to vote for the candidate that urges white supremacists (and those that enable him) in and the one that does not do that. 

Its like the pyramid of needs: I don’t get to care about policies and platforms because I need to keep the nazis out first.

Conservative Biden supporter here. Cheers. Let's keep a good attitude these next 4 years

Afraid they didn't come out in large enough numbers.

More people turned out for Trump this year than last time. More turned out for Trump than, Romney or McCain. More turned out for Trump than won Bush either of his presidencies. Not by a small amount either, by Millions (almost 20 million in Bush's case).

I am sorry, Trump isn't some aberration. He is exactly what the Republican voter want. That is why they broke records to vote for him.

If that isn't what YOU are about, then your not a Republican anymore. They threw you out. You can either crawl back and accept that Trump is a Core corner stone of your party, or you can find your own path.

Thanks to real, honorable republican leaders like Steele, Schmidt, Kasich, and, it pains me to say it, Mitt Romney.

While yes, thank you to the republicans that put country over party, its also a bit like thanking every person i pass on the street for not stabbing me in the dick 37 times. Like dang, thank you for doing the absolute minimum

See the McCain meme I posted in this sub.

Your welcome and thx to people who DIDNT vote trump

Without the Republicans help, I don't think we really would have won this. I'm very grateful for the Republicans help, any Republican reading this that voted Biden, THANK YOU. These next 4 years will be a BLESSING with Biden.

The conservatives, that voted for Biden, still hold onto their values, and one of those values is putting country before party.

I know many conservatives voted for Biden, for the fact that many conservative officials were still elected in other areas.  they just chose not to allow tRump destroy this country any more.

I'm more of a moderate, but the thought of Donald Trump being our president for 4 more years was terrifying. Not a huge fan of Biden and the Democrats policy. I voted for Biden, and mostly Republican at the national level. For 4 years I think that will be fine, and we can hopefully see some more moderate candidates in the next election.

Country over party! Always.

What the fuck is wrong with you - like 97% of them voted for trump.

I'd add in the ones who voted for Jo Jorgensen rather than Trump. It looks like those withheld votes made a difference in several states.

You’re welcome

Watching Fox News pee it's pants is the greatest show in town

Thank you for having human decency, empathy, intelligence to see beyond trumps bullshit. I'm happy that we come together and heal after this 4 long years. Thank you from a Democrat.

Thank you momma and papa ✌️❤️✌️

Infinitely this

Polling and turnout totals being higher shows there were barely any who broke away from the party.

Americans coming together for what's right.

For me this election wasn't about policies, it was about character. Only one candidate has the character and decency that this country needs. Only one candidate has the respect for our country. I may not agree with everything the democrats want, but I do want a leader who cares about Americans and democracy and our country. Hopefully the conservatives find their spines and get out of the gutter for the next election.

Best decision I've made all year.

I voted republican all my life until Trump. I wouldn't vote for him either time. And I won't vote for anyone that enabled him.

On the one hand I am a Republican who did vote for Joe, on the other hand I live in Idaho so the only good it really did was in the national popular vote.

Not either party but you’re welcome anyway. I just vote for who I think is best for the job.

No.  Thank you for showing the light at the end to the tunnel.

Many of the people in my circle, including myself, ended up voting libertarian. 
I couldn’t bring myself to vote for Trump. But also couldn’t bring myself to vote liberal. So libertarian was the way to go in this election cycle.

As someone living in a super red state (Indiana), THIS is my fucking mandate. I want this to be hammered home every day between now and January 20.

The fact that this was even remotely close in the electoral college is an indictment of our system. The headline in every newspaper needs to be “Joe Biden wins largest popular mandate since 1932.”

And the fact that Republicans are trying to make this appear close with their theatrics is laughable.

EDIT: Since this comment seems to have blown up, I should point out that it was made in the context of the original post. Yes, I know there were times when winners got more of the vote. But not challengers. This is a popular rebuke of the Trump administration. It's a signal that Americans want the country to go in a different direction than that to where the incumbent is taking us. And, in that sense, it's a huge mandate -- the biggest since 1932, a year that Americans were pissed over the Depression. Biden needs to advocate for wholesale reforms like FDR did. McConnell can piss and moan (assuming he's still majority leader), but Biden needs to be clear about what he intends to do...even if that ends up getting watered down.

An election we're winning by nearly five million votes should **not** have caused us so much stress on election day. Talk to your state legislator about the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact today.

I think the latest brainless argument is to exclude vote counts from CA and NY. The next stop will be to only count the MOV in the States that Trump won.

most of the remaining mail in votes come from deep blue states.

And we are still counting. Biden is going to beat Reagan 1980 by a wide margin.

Still pretty sad that 47.5% of the country voted for a moron

Need to keep this same energy to get Kemp out of office .

Yeah, the GOP and even liberls are spinning this as a slim victory when I think when the count is entirely over will show otherwise, clearly

He's up 12,291 in GA now. Why have they not called that state?

I realize there will be a recount but no recount has ever covered a 12000 vote difference. The most is generally 300 votes which will make no difference.

What are the odds Biden picks up NC?

Looks like a mandate to me.

Republicans have won the popular vote once in the last 30 years. The electoral college is broken completely. If we keep it, we need to make it representative of the people by giving equal weight to each vote. It's insane how much this system favors one party.

Not nearly high enough. The fact that 71+ million people thought the last four years were okay enough to vote for the former reality star again is mind-boggling. We need to think about just how many Americans are apparently fine with fascism and a pathological liar. This is actually quite scary.

We need to keep hammering this home.  The people have spoken.

I'm a security officer, everyone in my office voted Trump except for me the lone Biden voter. These girls and guys who voted for Trump are 100% convinced the Democratic party cheated, that there are fraudulent ballots. I'm sitting here, since the election, barely containing myself. Their tears get me through the day. 

If this had been the reverse, they would be celebrating saying the complete opposite of what they are saying right now. They don't understand how the system works, that people change their minds, and that new voters are constantly being added. They don't seem to understand how democracy works or how voting works.

Still sad to see 71M want this orange clown but after watching The Social Dilemma on NetFlix I sort of understand why this is happening.

Let's assume here I'm not a reasonable and really open minded Republican (I am. Voted for Biden and my state's Democrats for US Sen and Rep)...how on god's green earth can my party that holds dear institutions and our style of government, and act that as long as there's an EC sweep (i get that's the name of the game) and just casually brush off a slow but widening chasm of the Republican Party's popular vote total like it's a toy?...I'm just stupefied.....I no longer see "responsible" statesmenship from any leader or prominent voice in my party (except a few writers at National Review, The Bulwark and The Dispatch as a whole and a few rag tag establishment Republicans of a former time (and they're differently, part of the same problem)! 

So, as I've said elsewhere on Reddit....Progressives....Democrats....friends....if you'll have me I'll help you eviscerate my party, through peaceful and political means, from within....I'm not an ally to you as a whole, but I see where principles are being shattered and our very fabric being torn, so I will JOYFULLY join those looking to see these oafs gone.

He's now at 51%

Lest we gloss over the fact that Biden is about to have a 5 million vote margin.

God make transition faster and kick this orange grumpy out of the office

Biden is close to winning by 5 million votes. It’s hard to fabricate even one vote. How do people suppose that 5 million votes across multiple states (including Republican states) were faked, all while Republican observers were standing near every single one of the people counting ballots?

At this point I don’t think they believe it at all.

Every time I see blue Georgia I smile

I'm going to have a good laugh when we do recounts, and throw out a handful of invalid ballots and it turns out GOP losses by a bigger margin.

Or 

The only instances of cheating found, are Trump voters.

Pack it in boys, we got ourselves a MANDATE.

Joe Biden rebuilt the Blue Wall and made trump pay for it. 😎

Can we just agree NEVER to vote in another republican.

Friendly reminder that Mike Pompeo should be arrested for sedition :)

Trump lost. 

Get over it you delicate snow-flake boot-lickers.

My state of ga still makes me proud that we went blue.

Reminder to everyone that the two Georgia races will determine which party controls the Senate. If the Republicans win one or both seats, Mitch McConnell will have power over Biden’s legislation, judicial nominees, and cabinet picks. 

GA residents who turn 18 by January 5th are eligible to vote in these races and can register now. 

[Contribute to GA Senate Races](https://linktr.ee/bidencoalition?fbclid=IwAR2jKSUSG1DHfal6P8Wq7FxLoxGUd8T4K8PzGNJLmArAbeJ9nPnDvaEFB-U)

Well at least more than half of America has a brain.

“hE sToLe tHe elecccctttiiioonnnn” - Trump supporting white supremacist maggots

ahh Yes, I love waking up and reading things like this. So this is what winning really feels like. :)

ELI5: Why doesn't it seem like it? Before reading this, I would never have guessed Biden has performed as well as Reagan did.

It’s crazy that most elections are won by less than 1%. People really must just vote by party lines instead of doing research into who is better for them.

eLeCtIoN nIgHT wAs a dIsAsTeR fOr dEmOcrAts

Trump lost.

Get over it you delicate snow-flake boot-lickers.

We passed the Republicans' favorite non-Trump person.

This is good but why did 9 million more people vote for trump than last time?

5 million more votes :D

"I got your mandate right here, Jack."

Has AZ been called already ?

Per trump and r/conservative's logic, it's because of illegals and dead people. But with a differential of 5 million votes, you'd think they'd have abundant evidence of this.. But if I'm not mistaken, none of trumps legal challenges have stuck because they didn't present evidence

now let's see the dumb orange man out

A clear winner of the popular vote. Abolish the electoral college! F this swing state baloney...

Love it. This is Joey B at his best. Interacting with the voters.

WTF ABC? Why are the talking heads talking over this? I would have loved to hear those candid discussions after the finish. Why did they miss this opportunity and just blab and blab? I had to turn it off at that point, I was so mad.

Did an extra hour on air then still keeps going. Sleepy don can't keep up! Sad!

Human decency seems like such a big deal these days.   I can’t wait for more of this.

His answer on trans rights wasn't perfect, but it was genuine. He cares about people. He really showed that tonight. After he answered each question, he said "I hope I answered your question" to the person who asked it. He cares. It's refreshing.

I would like to point out that Trump is also still at his--  Oh, wait.  Nevermind.  He took off the first chance he got and is currently accusing the hosts of conspiring to make him look bad at the town hall that he requested.

This is a man who wants to serve the people, to make America what it was before turd shit all over it. Definitely my new favorite president and Kamala for President in 2024.

Say what you will about his policies, man loves people.

Gonna buy a scarf

Bought

If there was any doubt in an undecided voters mind, it’s gone. What a class act.

As a non-American, I really hope Biden wins, things like this are just a great display of how much he genuinely cares for other people. 

I really wanted to watch this part of the town hall. Hopefully it gets released at some point.

What an amazing man. We need him in the Whitehouse. 

Vote!

I don't want to jinx it, but I am starting to feel cautiously optimistic about what might be possible for us after we get through this election.  (Already filled out my ballot, and it's going in the box for Joey B tomorrow, along with a lot of other "yes" votes for positive things for our state and its people.)

Support Joe's campaign, purchase official merch all made in USA by union workers.

[https://store.joebiden.com](https://store.joebiden.com)

Let's show our support visibly and build momentum!

BUT BUT BUT SLEEPY JOE!!!!!/s Im glad he's actually trying to talk to people and listen to their experience and give them an answer.

Class act.

Whoa, do I sense good leadership?

I was a huge Bernie supporter and will always wish he was the candidate. 

But Biden has my vote and I will be proud to call him president.

Such a great person

Pretty good flex on Trump.

He is literally Mr. Rogers.

I really have come to admire Biden as a candidate, and hopefully a president to be. He wasn’t my first choice. I was a Bernie voter in 2016 & 2020, but I have always seen Joe Biden to be someone who’s own experiences with personal loss have shaped him into an empathic person. I think the ability to see and listen to others and understand their hurt is a quality that’s sorely needed right now in a president.

As a Bernie bro, he's stepped up to the plate. Go Joe

Class 100

A President.

If anyone has a link to actually hear him pls share!

He is there, he is engaging people, he actually gives a shit. The complete opposite of the orange hair failure.

He must be going for the in game Achievements. I think he is trying for answer 100 questions.

He told them. "There's a lot more, I'll talk to you about it after if you want to stick around."

Good on him for actually doing it

Yeah.   He just fully secured my vote.  Mailing it tomorrow

But I was told by the President that Joe Biden never leaves his basement and has no stamina. 

I’m starting to wonder if I should stop drinking bleach and if Seal Team 6 is alive.

that's because his town hall wasn't based around lies and repeatedly-debunked conspiracy theories. see what a difference actually preparing for an event makes?

I had almost forgotten when and why I got on the Biden train back in 2008. Joe was just another candidate, well behind Hillary and Obama, and there was a townhall on C-Span. I was amazed as Joe Biden took all questions on every subject and showed he knew the details of even the most complex of issues. Then he did something that impressed me even more: 

Joe stayed and answered every single question that any voter asked, one on one as the room slowly cleared. I've been with him ever since.

I’m so proud of my vote for Joe. Compassion, honesty, and integrity define him as a politician. I love how he was able to own up to his mistakes in the past and vowed to be better for our future.

I'm a lefty that is opposed to many of Biden's stances; in general, I am not happy that he's the only option. He was fantastic in this town hall, he answered virtually every question better than I expected.

Not my choice, but this has made me feel less terrible about it.

Just have to say, I know everyone here wanted to hear what he was saying but I'm actually happy it was just a visual. It felt to me like those were more personal conversations, it wasn't for us, it was for the person he was talking to. I think it was enough that they showed him there, it told us all we needed to know about him as a person that he took the extra time to talk.

You could really tell every time George had them move on, Joe wanted more time to answer people's concerns better. He definitely dodged some parts of questions, like every politician does. But I genuinely think he wanted to help everyone there/listening understand how he truly plans to help them. With real plans and facts, not just slogans. Refreshing.

Just donated to a candidate  for the first time. We can do this, now let’s all vote!

It cracks me up seeing /r/politics get a *somewhat* more unfiltered view of joe and they’re all like “oh shit, that’s a great point! He answered that question flawlessly! What a nuanced view!”

On behalf of Australia (and the rest of the world), I really really really hope this guy wins the upcoming election. Best of luck guys <3

Big energy

Some say he's still there in the dark answering questions to this day.

Meanwhile trump just gives people COVID and headaches!

That’s awesome man. Can you imagine having something so insignificant, yet historically fantastic? I would be happy just to sit and have some coffee with Joe.

I love rewatching this. You can just feel compassion and how he treats other people's kids like his own.

Biden wasn't my first choice, but he is the only choice now as far as I'm concerned.  His empathy and humanity is what this country needs so badly.  I just hope so-and-so's base can get on board if Biden wins.

When was this?  Can't be recent since there's no mask and distancing right?

I am literally sobbing at this. How absolutely sweet and kind. That kid just saw a shiny and thought it was a sticker. Because he’s a kid. He didn’t ask for anything, Joe just gave it to him. 

What a kind heart.

Someone is cutting onions over here...

I can imagine many other presidents/nominees doing the same thing (besides Trump).  But none of them except Obama or Carter would have been as sincere while doing it.  I just love Joe!

Honestly putting politics aside for a sec, it’s moments like this that I miss. Can you imagine Trump doing this? Of course not, but past presidents from both sides of the aisle I can. This and a lack of complete fucking lies and chaos all the time are what I’m looking forward to most from a Biden presidency!

Biden spent more time with this kiddo than Trump spent with Barron in a long time. Does Trump know anything about his youngest son? It’s truly sad.

I love that little look the woman gives when she realizes what’s happening, she’s obviously touched

I love how he sits back and looks at the boy and smiles.  We/America needs this man as President!

This is very sweet. Trump would’ve bragged about his inauguration crowd. Biggest ever, some people say. Then talked about how unfairly he’s been treated by the fake media.

How the heck did all the wildfire smoke from last week suddenly get into my living room and make my eyes all watery?  

/seriously, this is incredibly touching. Thank you for sharing.

I really needed to see this today.

It's been a hell of a month so far. :(

If Biden doesn't win it will be a Dark day for the U.S and the rest of the World. He seems like a thoroughly decent Human being. You can't fake that.

This man vs [the other man.](https://youtu.be/PX9reO3QnUA)

Not gonna lie - that’s some powerful music

This is awesome. Without blinking, Joe gave that young kid a story and a memory that can and should speak to his better angels for life.

Love this.

I’m not crying. I swear... 😭

“We have pins, we have tremendous pins, we make miyyions and miyyons of pins a year with these AMERICAN JOBS, AMERICA FIRST, we can’t let JINA with their China virus infect our manufacturing our tremendous pins, it’s unbelievable”

This is so wholesome. trump would never.

Can we just play this video on loop, and then play a video of Trump putting children in cages? 

Vote! Vote! Vote!

That right there, that's a beautiful sight.

Aw it cut out my favorite part where he says Obama is his best buddy

~~Bernie~~ *Biden* 2020

This video is missing the best part of the conversation that happen right after.

What a classy human being.

God Bless this man!

r/mademesmile

Seriously tho this is so adorable

I’m not crying...

Trump would NEVER

#My heart! ❤️

Videos like this make me cry tears of happiness.

They give me hope that not everyone is a ReTrumplican, and has values greater than hate in their hearts.

That's a good guy.

I love it

Every time I see this I am reminded why Joe will win

He has empathy

I've never been to this sub until today. This was the first thing I saw when I got here. I didn't vote for Joe in the primaries, but I support him, and I will be proud to vote for him in the general. I'm sitting here crying like a baby over this video. Thank you for sharing.

This literally made my day.

Shamar 2050

Not gonna lie, this made me tear up.

God, Trump has really buried the bar. This is a nice video. It's sweet. But that's all it should be.

But now I'm tearing up not just because it's sweet but because I'm thinking, "Man, wouldn't it be nice to have someone with even a little bit of kindness in office?"

I mailed in my trump ballot. I also verified online with my state that it has been counted. I encourage EVERYONE to do the same.

The fact no left leaning person is questioning this. But if all those votes went to Trump, then they’d care

We can't let this cuck and his cronies steal the election.

If you don't vote for me, you ain't corrupt.

If he ends up "winning" we should call him Faux Biden

i’m so astounded at the intellects of the people who say the 140k in detroit were all for biden because “mail in tends to favor democrats”

Come on, man! Look fat, you’re a damn liar and I don’t work for you. You’re a dog faced pony soldier and you’re too old to vote for me. Will you shut up, man?

“Because they were all for Biden!”


There were several people I know personally who mail in voted for Trump.  With such logic every in person vote was for Trump, which we know isn’t true. 


The reason in person voting is better is because we don’t have to wait a week to know who the next leader is. They don’t arrive 4 days after election day.

Best use of this meme so far

My question is why mail-in ballots weren’t  counted in the beginning of the election. Why did they wait till the end.  Oh wait we know the answer to that.

Yea DA imagine that..President Trump 2020🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

The thing that scares me about the GOP in the future because I don’t think they have the balls to pick a good candidate that will energize people the way Trump did. Unfortunately they’ll pick another cuck like Romney

IF... he ever becomes president, it will be sooo hilarious to see how shocked he is when the MSM finally turns on him.

Democrats are by far the most dumbest people I know. Probably a small percentage of them are actually aware of what is going on.

Fucking mental. This is pretty much all reddit and social media in general

“Technical error”

gimmie an updoot if you also mailed in!

Except that there are mail in ballots for Trump? Seriously, if you look at the number of votes for him, it's still increasing as the mail in ballots have been being counted, its just that Biden's have been increasing more.

There are some for Trump. Her gained support in Nevada and Arizona in fact, just not enough to turn it in. And it's because trump encouraged you too vote in person, so of course it's no surprise that the majority of Biden. Please do an ounce of your own research before making wild statements.

Explanation: people are asking dumb question; we all know that many mail in votes went to Trump.

Ask dumb question, get dumb answer.

Except Trump got 20-45% of the mail in ballots depending on the state. Just because the gap doesn't close or widens doesn't mean the other candidate didn't get votes, just less of them.

trump told them not too will biden actively said too

It was an error in a data file provided by the state: [https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/nov/04/tweets/no-biden-did-not-receive-thousands-mysteriously-su/](https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/nov/04/tweets/no-biden-did-not-receive-thousands-mysteriously-su/)

While having a 'typo' on something this crucial is concerning, from what I read they updated it very shortly after to the correct count, no?

Maybe because Biden supporters are actually smart and know the virus is a threat? smh how dense are these people.

You dont think it could be related to the fact that Biden was encouraging people to use mail in ballots while Trump was telling people not to? You don't think that might be a factor?

Gee, I wonder why that could be. Because even though Trump said mail-in ballots couldn’t be trusted, causing very few conservatives to vote using mail-in, there is no reason why mail in ballots should be disproportionately Democrat! Right?

"DON'T VOTE BY MAIL!" 



"Why am I not getting any mail votes?"

Not a single one huh? Stop drinking from the punch bowl, y'all are brainwashed. Just because Trump and the people he pays to lie for him tell you something and claim its true, doesn't mean it is.

Please give proof that not a single one went to Trump

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/11/04/technology/biden-michigan-votes.amp.html%3f0p19G=2103

Hey sorry you’re mad your shitty president lost! Too bad your instant reaction is to assume there’s some nationwide voter fraud conspiracy instead of noting how every court case is getting thrown out due to absolutely no solid evidence being presented. 
Maybe look into every what every pollster and analyst has been saying for weeks about voter demographics (they basically predicted this exact outcome) and consider for yourself whether the party that was encouraged to vote by mail instead of hearing it be called a terrible, fraudulent practice might have actually voted by mail more. I hope you all recover from your cases of TDS.

Haha Haha. Haha. Snowflake

imagine being butthurt over a lost election

Of course the mail in ballots overwhelmingly benefit Biden. But also obviously Biden didn’t win EVERY one. Trump disavowed them, which obviously made a lot of his supporters not want to use them. Additionally, elderly people are more likely to use them, and also support Biden in much higher numbers. This sub should be renamed donaldtrumpcirclejerk. Think for once.

Idk if you realised how trump literally ran a campaign on calling mail-in vote fraud. You're delusional if you now believe ThiS is fRauD CausE he sAid sO. There is literally no proof outside of shifty anecdotes and a fake video.

Cope

A lot went to Trump...but that would require actual reading.

Trump is thick... his supporters are just as thick if not more so :)

Already voted. Trump 2020

Trump's never once insulted the voting population, now that you mention it

Obama hates God

So that means Obama knows God exists

which means the Bible is true

And if the Bible is true

means there is a devil and demons out there

and since Obama hates God

that means he is with the devil

Biden: I'm going to unite this country and the other guy is racist.

Also Biden: You're not black if you don't vote for me.

Just for the record: Karl Marx, that one with communism, called us [Lumpenproletariat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lumpenproletariat#searchInput). In essence that means "Basket of deplorables".

These shills HATE the United States. God bless America. God Bless our President.

USA !  USA !  USA !

I did. Let's hope there's a sequel to what transpired back in Nov. 2016.

And I call him Mr President.

Truer words never spoken from Obama

Well I’m voting for Trump but... Obummer ain’t wrong.

Biden also calls you Americans lol

I voted proudly and *in person* last Thursday.

Trump 2020!

Trump calls you idiots.

I call you dumb ass rednecks brainwashed by a reality tv celebrity.

Lol I'm not an Obama fan, but if the stats gave were during his Presidency you'd say he and his policies are to blame.

You say this as if you don't call everyone that disagrees with you a snowflake

Trump literally called vets losers. I don’t like Biden either but fuck off with your praising him like a saint. He’s a deplorable human.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_nicknames_used_by_Donald_Trump

That guy is a deplorable chump who is clinging to his view of God and his gun, which is a .22 max.

If that many people are saying those things about you, they're probably right.

Jo Jorgenszn

Dont waste your time, trump is going to loose

I have to.. never voted democrat in my life until now.. fuck Donald Trump. He is a failure as leader.

SIMPS

Trump also lives the poorly educated. In case you forgot.

"I'm voting for trump bc he calls me something based on the country that I live in and not something "mean"."

I'll never understand how people can be so obsessed and infatuated with someone who has shown on their own accord that they are a liar and an idiot, just going off things from trump's own mouth...

You guys do realize that just *living* in America makes you an American? Trump doent have to allow you to be one? And no one is saying you arent America?

Get fucked

Donald Trump once retweeted a video that said “The only good Democrat is a dead Democrat”

Trump loves the uneducated.

Your only a chump if you vote for Trump. Vote accordingly

I have voted 30 times by now

"Paul Revere falsely states the British are coming" - CNN 1775

Undervalued post. Takes having an education unfortunately. So take my upvote!

"Tax this dick"

- Benjamin Franklin probably

Fact check: Independent fact checkers have labeled this claim as disputed.

I enjoyed this post

Not the first time I've said this, I'm a Democrat but damn you guys have the funniest memes

No taxation without representation!

Parliament fact check: debunked

I laughed then wondered, is this real on Twitter?

This tweet may contain sensitive content   (unhide)

Fact check: Paul Revere never actually said “the British are coming” because in 1775, everyone was British. What he actually said was “the regulars are coming.”

Damn! This is spot on!

HHahHH

! This tweet has been blocked until the British verify. See twitters hacked horse policy.

Social media sites need to stop trying to be the arbiters of truth.

As liberals were saying The Russians are coming. The Russians are coming.

"Fiery, but mostly peaceful British cannons fired at white supremacists and nazis today" - CNN

we need a modern term for “loyalists” but in reference to the radical/globalist left

So twitter are modern day traitors?

lol

Fact Check: Jefferson continues to tweet baseless claims of British military repression

As a British citizen i approve of high taxes.

(Unless its us that get it.)

Actually many people ask if he really said that because Paul Revere and the other colonists were British themselves.

Twitter be like: Paul Revere's claims of the British advancement to take your firearms are disputed. Find more info on British plans to secure the colonies here: www.bullshit.com

2020 - dems - "omg we stole the election! im cumming!"

I called it before opening... just from the title! Awesome!

Oh man. That's gold. Haha.

Technically he would have said, "The Regulars are coming," or "The Red Coats are coming."

We were still under the rule of The King so saying the British were coming would also include themselves. I think he would have made a distinction.

But there are those who believe that at this point in time they considered themselves Colonialists so he may have said British. Who knows.

This is so ignorant. There’s absolutely no evidence of voter fraud-your guy is just a sore loser. You guys hate science and facts so much. Grow up and tell orange Cheeto head to move out so a REAL President can run the country

Just picked up "Wealth of Nations". Nice theories '@AdamSmith you dick. We should have UBI and not oppressive global capitalism! Exploiters of the poor!

That’s how Biden works right he gives and taketh thy blackness

All she had to was support Biden. It's that easy apparently.

For left-wing purposes, the word “first” is the most important in both instances, because in both cases it allows them to highlight identity politics over anything truly meaningful, and it also allows them to pat each other on the back for using their mighty Bulldozer of Wokeness to break down the barriers of the evil racist patriarchy. And that’s it. That’s all that matters in these headlines. They don’t really care about anything else anymore.

She's voting for Biden, so that would explain it.

Until that guy last week insulted those Indian cakes... then she was Indian again.

She took that same DNA test Fauxcahontas took a while back. The results concluded that the only African DNA found in her belonged to Willie Brown.

Someone gave her the n word pass but whom?

She's both and chooses whichever one gives her a benefit at the time. Kinda like Elizabeth Warren being native ameri-....lol jk that bitch is white af and there's no benefit in that skin tone.

God she sucks.

Just fuckin sucks. For claiming to be the revolutionarys, they sure do bend the fucking knee to their own overlords. Honestly imagine supporting the guy who stole your primary for fasttracking the candidate you said you hate.

As long as you get to be "a first"  you can draw upon whatever non-white or non-hetero identity you have in your back pocket, no matter how deep you have to dig.

I guess, now-a-days you are whatever you say you are, at the time.  That's your Social Justice Warriors and  low or no expectations of the younger generation, today.  Undisciplined and easily offended  with no manners or ideals, other than, "Me, me, me !!!

That clown ain’t black. Give me a break!!!

Lmao this is such typical liberal media. Thinking all brown people are actually black.

Can you guys give me some upvotes the liberals keep killing my karma

Wouldn't she be able to claim both since her parents are black(dad) and indian(mom)?

Her parents are Indian and Jamaican. Yes, she is half black

she's a can of mixed nuts

1. People ain’t black if they don’t vote for Biden.

2. Harris is voting for Biden.

1 + 2 = Therefore by voting for Biden, Harris is black

They do this all the time. Someone with dark skin? “Yes, hello fellow Bantu Blacks descended from the slave trade. I’m one of you.”

Is it just me or did she look..pale today?

In order to be Joe Bidens VP she had to be black

the left likes being the "first" for everything except for being the first to nationalize fascism.

Wait - Indians are now black?  
[panicked screaming emanates from hundreds of university admissions offices]

Trump (although painted) has a darker skin shade than Harris. How can she be called black.

Lmfao!!!

The people deemed no longer black (by biden) gave her all their blackness, that's what  happened.

Lol....

Abinka Dack, you are now Black!

This is just ridiculous!  Shows how stupid these people are...

you can be both, you simple bitch.

Bi racial???

She’s probably black and Native American .. I know I am and I wouldn’t mind being represented by either one! So it’s the truth what’s the big deal..

https://i.imgur.com/dH0d9L4.jpg

She has always been black. And Indian. People get their DNA from both parents. When one is black and one is Indian the offspring is both. Like I'm native american and spanish. But hold on I'm American! 🤯

Media says everyone hates trump... clearly not!

Just because Donald and Melania Trump got sick, doesn't excuse the bs from the Media, the draconian measures of the left, and the spreading of the misconception that Trump did nothing to mitigate losses to Corona.

Also, yes, it's truly a master work of kind consideration, and true endearment towards a fellow human being.

Liberals: The rest of the world hates Trump!

The rest of the world:

This is so wholesome and sweet. Get well soon Mr. President and First Lady!

Awesome!

Love this!!!

This is great! Get well soon Mr. and Mrs. President of the United States!! 🇺🇲

Trump has more Indian supporters than kamala.

This is beautiful!

India has more compassion and class than American Democrats.

crazy how so many people outside of America care about Trump yet so many people here hate him. it’s truly sad :(  pray him and Melania recover fast!!

Beautiful. But when did Tom Berenger play Trump?

This man is more patriotic than all of the pukes wandering the streets COMBINED.

This is wonderful to see after reading nothing but death wishes all day from the tolerant lefties. What miserable lives they must lead, to wish death on another human.

Very wholesome

Puts half our country to shame!

In my opinion, it’s always the majority White countries that hate the U.S. and Americans.

God I needed this, everywhere I go on this site people are just wishing that a person dies. Like fuck dude, its just draining to see how disgusting those people are. This is nice a wholesome.

Epic!

thats a nice painting

I love it when folks from other countries support our president. Can we send some of those protesters overseas and bring in people who appreciate what we’ve got now without trying to change it?

As a liberal, I genuinely hope he recovers and don’t understand how some don’t.

It’s so sad that people from America (the left) are wishing death on him but people from India show their support!  I wish we could trade these American haters for people like this man.

The world (minus a few) loves our president too. If you hate Trump and live in the U.S.A maybe it's time for you to find a "better" country to live in... where would that be? Go ahead... I'll wait...

I wish r politics posted this.

Is it just me or do their faces look more Indian than usual? Lol

Donald Reagan

RACIST joe Biden calling black people predators and explaining why they are unredeamable and should be in jail.  http://www.youtube.com/shorts/FfAuaykabHs
-Joe wrote the  94 crime bill  led to millions of black men being imprisoned for minor offenses. 
-JOE DEPORTED 8 million Hispanics while in the White House 
-Joe opposed school integration and said he did not want his kids going to school in a racial jungle. https://youtu.be/b4G7GIvLvgw

-I posted the links. Have the sack learn the truth. 

-White Democrats are the most racist group in history. 

-I and many black men will be voting for Trump!

Honestly imo he should just drink bleach as he suggested

I enjoy when not white people say trump good

It's just the flu afterall! Get over it

He’ll be ok, no such things as corna virus.

Was he infected by a democratic hoax? Get well from what?

no one here cares what is going on in US let alone trump, this is just for attention 

source - indian

Trump is garbage. RIP. Next!

Flu season y’all they aint too upset bout the 200k already dead I won’t shed any tears if he adds to that number selfish president fuck my karma and fuck that piece of shit

>We're super unbiased and we want you to vote! ***subliminal messaging to vote against Trump*** Every vote matters and no matter how you vote make sure you vote for ***more covert messaging to not vote for Trump*** Its our duty to practice our right to vote, so make sure you register and get out to the polls on Nov. 3rd ***obviously trying to take advantage of young voters who still trust their democrat parents, the msm, Twitter blue checkmarks etc...***

I want my wife to gaze upon me the way Pence does Trump

lil Wayne just endorsed Trump on Twitter. Based

Got my vote in today.  Proud to vote Trump 2020 🦅 🇺🇸 🚀 💪

The Democratic party doesn't understand we have a brain of our own. We as Americans have evolved and have educated ourselves to think for ourselves, regardless of race, color, sexual orientation or religious beliefs.

This is the perfect post to use my free vote award on

Wow Pence in the background looks so charmed

I sometimes just yell at my tv when celebrities tell me to go vote...lol I'm weird. 
But I have voted already! Trump. :)

Let’s just hope it’s a fair and honest outcome without social unrest no matter who wins. 

Also, Biden 2020!

Or when you DO vote, and your vote is not counted because the corrupt Republicans have screwed up the USPS out of desperation.

I guess I ain't allwhite then

I grew up in the Atl area. This is the Georgia I've always known would someday prevail.

Thank you Stacey Abrams. Thank you John Lewis. Thank you Joe Biden. Thank you to all the patriots who marched and bled in the streets of the South through years of oppression. This victory belongs to you.

This makes me wanna cry right now. God. ❤️❤️❤️

And not to mention Stacey Abrams. I want to be like her when I grow up. Bless everyone who dedicated their lives to justice.

I'm watching the US election from Ireland hoping the Country can turn a corner and engage in a healing time.

Seeing John Lewis' constituency be the one that put Joe Biden over the top, brought a tear to my eye.  I'm white, I'm Irish and it may seem a little trite, but Mr Lewis was an example to our own Civil Rights movement.

He led by example, and my god isn't his ward turning Georgia blue just a beautiful way to remember the man.

Stay safe over there, and maybe Joe can help heal your nation, I hope so.

Trump supporters for the last 4 years: "Get over it snowflake, we won." 

Trump supporters now: "whaaaaaaa, rigged, whaaaaaa, radical left, whaaaaaaa."

I am shaking! So freakin’ happy. Let’s hope it sticks, and that PA gets more Biden friendly batches. Almost there!

ATTENTION GEORGIA VOTERS! If you voted absentee check the status of your ballot NOW!

If it was REJECTED...you have until 5pm on FRIDAY 11/6 to fix it.

https://georgia.ballottrax.net/voter/

Better believe the great John Lewis and John McCain are drinking some top shelf shit right now!  🇺🇸🙌

Legend John Lewis! Defeating and battling systemic racism in life and death!!!! What a boss!

Rep. Lewis and Sen. Mccain really came trough for democracy in this election.
Shows that honorable Men and Women can have power for good even after their own lifes have ended.

I got a private message from a friend out in Alaska, and she said, "It's like John Lewis and RBG are looking down at us and still protecting us, like a pair of guardian angels!"

I woke up just in time to see this lovely.

“America will survive Trump,”...Thank You John Lewis. We couldn’t have been here without you.

PA IS BLUE!!!

HOW DID A MAN THAT OLD STILL HAVE SO MUCH DAMN SWAGGER???!

Blue penn now too!

He’s laughing in his grave. Right along with John McCain

Now, day one: Pass the  John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act to make sure that everyone has a voting station that isn't conveniently 4 hours away from their county among other things that lead to voting discrimination.

His spirit lives on.

I hope it stays this way after the military ballots are in, since I imagine they're much more pro-trump.

The revenge of John Lewis

Its too early for me to be crying in to my phone but here we are

We did it everybody. John Lewis can finally rest in peace.

Heyy a friend from Sweden here!! GOD BLESSS YOU ALLLLLLLLL I was so f**king nervous LESSS GOOOOOO

The ghosts of Lewis and McCain are doing a hell of a jig today

Thank you so much ❤️

awesome! it was a nice surprise to wake up to!

Clayton county was *not* John Lewis's district. His district, District 5, is in the heart of Atlanta about 20 miles north. 

But yes, GA and the A like "heeeey" today lol

Rest In Power

This is what I love to wake up to!

HELLS YEAH!!!!!!!! 

Massive props to Stacy Abrams & co for their efforts getting 800,000 new people registered in GA.

God bless him, John McCain, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Elijah Cummings.

This is a live feed of heaven, correct?

Wooooo! Now I can sleep easy. All Joe Biden needed was one more state but he got three! Even if each state has a 50% chance of flipping back(which is very generous) that means Trump only has a 12.5% chance of winning. In reality Trump's chances are much, much lower.

Wow that is the most soothing thing:

https://alex.github.io/nyt-2020-election-scraper/battleground-state-changes.html

Good trouble!

Now we gotta fight even harder for the senate seats there. They go to run off and Georgia gets to vote again. If we get both we have the majority in the senate! Unless we want McConnell picking Biden’s cabinet and refusing to sit Biden picked judges we need this!

Now I finally know what Trump was trying to copy when he has been out there dancing during his rallies. But since Trump has no rhythm he just looks like he is jerking off two imaginary guys while YMCA plays in the background.

I work at the ATL airport and met John Lewis a good 10 or so times. Every time I saw him I’d smile and say hey Mr. Lewis! And he came and shook my hand and asked how I was, and talked about how he loved D*lta (airline I work for lol) and would always make sure they were treating me right. Several of my coworkers have similar stories... he was just a warm, genuine soul.

So proud of you, my Atlanta people!!!!

Next is NC! turn my home state navy blue

Rest In Peace John Lewis your efforts in the civil rights movement and kind heart will never be forgotten rest in power ✊🏻✊🏼✊🏽✊🏾✊🏿

I imagine John and MLK are so very proud of their Georgia and the women who was dedicated to making this happen - even after she lost the gubernatorial election! Stacy Abrams has the courage and integrity that will unite us and heal us! Can anyone say Madam President... maybe not the first female President but one of the many!

u/savethisvideo

How is religious freedom a reason to object to same-sex marriage?  Nobody is going up to random people and saying, "You have to marry someone of the same gender."  It's a CHOICE who you want to marry. If you don't want to get married, or if you want to marry a consenting adult who identifies as someone with a gender that's the same or different than yours, then go for it. Why does it matter who other people marry?

I will NEVER understand why people try to use their religious beliefs to justify their own extreme discomfort with anyone who is slightly different from them.

Sorry, I'll step off my soapbox now.

\*grumble\*

10000000% this.

Also is worth remembering that Biden [jumped the gun on same-sex marriage in 2012](https://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/07/us/politics/biden-expresses-support-for-same-sex-marriages.html?referringSource=articleShare) before Obama was *publicly supportive.

*Edited fully to publicly*

I think a lot of people forget how quickly this became normalized too, especially if you watch a TV show from like 2005 it is a whole different attitude

The Pope is a treasure.

I know republicans, who are Catholics, who denounced the pope and said “he should be impeached” for his progressive and anti-trump views. The trump cult is stronger than their religious beliefs

Most American Christians,  including the evangelicals,  are NOT Catholic.  A lot of them don't consider Catholics to he real Christians and few of them respect the Pope

As an ex-catholic, I’m loving this pope.  It’s amazing to see all the psychotic conservative Catholics twist themselves in knots disagreeing with the pope.  Guess what, according to *your* religion, the pope is the voice of god, so all this shit you hate the pope saying because he’s telling you to quit being a hateful piece of shit, you’re literally saying god is wrong.  But logical consistency was never a value of the right anyway, anything to justify their politics of hatred.

I don't think I believe there are any real LBGT trump supporters.

Biden 2020💯

I can't even physically fathom why someone would want to use anti-LGBT rights as a political platform. It makes me sick that these idiots will use the hatred of some American's towards LGBT people as a way to further an agenda. Why do they even care in the first place? Let people bone who they want to bone. Go Joe.

The Pope needs to update the Humanae Vitae its a 50 year old policy that was out of date when it came out.  Fix this and a ton of political things are possible.

Remember Joe Biden publicly broke with Obama during 2012 and forced his hand to support gay marriage (he had always supported civil unions, which is second class status). 

That took a lot of guts and almost got him dropped from the ticket in 2012.

https://www.politico.com/story/2012/05/obama-expected-to-speak-on-gay-marriage-076103

Fun fact about gay marriage legalization in the US, it was actually Pence and the Supreme Court. TLDR Pence, who was governor of Indiana at the time, passed a law which made it a felony to apply for same sex marriage. This was challenged and went all the way to the Supreme Court, where it was ruled so unconstitutional, that gay marriage became legalized in the United States. The same ruling would later be challenged and end up with legal conceal-carry in the United States. Yay pence!

"Religious Freedom" is a dog whistle for Christian Nationalism.

lol. I mean he's on that same ol civil unions grind but she'd be 'opposed' to even that. Consenting adults is against nxivm law.

Didn't Barak Obama claim for years that he was opposed to same sex marriage?

Also, to my understanding, it was Biden who pushed Obama to the left in marriage equality.

The fact the current pope can say “same sex unions is cool now” shows that religion is a human construct. If any part of a religion based on the supposed word of god can be updated to fit the times then all of it must be taken as man made. This has happened time and time again. Meat on Friday, shellfish etc.

I saw a chart on TV a few weeks ago. It showed each decade and the progress this country made towards acceptance of the LGBT community. The acceptance went from the low 30% (early on) to 70% (this decade). When President Obama gave his speech today about progress on racial inequity, it made me think of the country’s progress as a whole. 

Even though some people didn’t agree with full LGBT and civil rights, they grew to admit their mistake and worked to change their view. I’m good with that. 

All people can do is admit mistakes and change. We have a president that won’t admit mistakes and change course. In fact, he doubles down on his bigoted, racist and sexist rhetoric with the policy agenda to match. That’s what makes a person bad for the country, not someone willing to change for the better. It’s true when they say some people hold others to a standard they can’t obtain themselves.

The pope said civil unions, not marriages. I support gay marriage, the pope doesn't.

LGBT+ individuals gained their rights through blood, sweat and tears. Not because any president or the pope said it was okay. They lived through administrations that turned a blind eye towards the plague that decimated them, they rioted, they fought for acceptance for decades and got it. It was direct action and political consciousness that allowed them to overcome, it wasn't anybody's benevolence.

FUCKING RIGHT JOE

Also you’re on the fucking Supreme Court so keep your religion out of absolutely everything having to do with your job.

Hell, I fully believe the rumor that Joe pre-empted Obama into supporting same-sex marriage.  His dad was instrumental in never letting Joe's religion interfere with his obligation to help the LGBTQ community.

Eh ACB would say that catholics aren't true christians.

Does it only take one press release to wipe away the centuries of mistreatment non-hetero people have endured at the hands of the Catholic Church? Not for me. This is a good thing, but it is very much a first step. I await further action to realize this new sentiment, like the mandatory acceptance of openly-gay priests.

A few things:

1. The Pope didn’t recognize gay marriage
2. The Pope is not an authority on religious freedom
3. The Pope is not an authority on anything when it comes to writing and interpreting US law. 

It’s all just a bit disingenuous. I mean, not to pretend that anything other than the Catholic perspective matters to Barrett but...

Let's goooooo!

Nice. If people reject homosexuality for “religious beliefs,” why do we never hear about the same outrage regarding divorce? Adultery? Fornication? Asking for a friend.

I just don't get homophobic people. Like why? Who cares what other people do????

Barret has already said before that personal beliefs should never get in the way of being an impartial judge.

I'll be honest even if biden doesn't agree with anything he's saying, at least he's making it look good.

They fought it for years tho. Only got on board waaaaay after public opinion was in favor of it.
https://youtu.be/dhp_DDHe_X0

I don't see what difference it makes: hate is hate, regardless of the motivation.

The pope isn't relevant to anything after they voted for an ex NAZI.. who cares what the pope has to say

The government never should have been in the marriage biz in the first place. The government's involvement is what got us here now. 

So glad to see people cheering for fixing a fuck up they never should've  gotten their shithooks into from the beginning.

The pope agrees to “civil unions”. He believes marriage is still between 1 man and 1 women. Just so everyone knows.

The pope only speaks for catholics

Marriage is actually a religious right that has been politicized over the years due to the government giving married couples certain benefits, but sure marriage has nothing to do with politics or religions.

Guarantee she says Catholics aren't beholden to the whims of the Pope.

I’m completely ok with gay marriage. I’m also a former Christian, current agnostic. 

The pope agreeing with Civil unions for gay people just doesn’t gel with the Christian faith. While I don’t consider gay marriage to be wrong in anyway, the Bible does.

What the pope said today, is the same as if the pope said he was cool with adultery. It goes against what is stated in the Bible. So while the pope may be a good person, he is cherry picking from the Bible to fit his world view, which is a no-no in the Christian faith.

Who the hell knows! If we really did cheat we certainly wouldve easily taken over the senate and kicked mcconnell and graham out on their asses

I can only go by my own experience with people who have voted for Trump in my immediate family and friends, but it seems to be a lack of an education in civics, government, and politics. I've had to explain the basic differences between a representative and a senator, and they seem to assume that the President has complete control over the government without checks and balances. The system as a whole is complicated and has a lot of nuance, but unless you understand how all the parts combine it ends up coming off as "President is the only one that matters", which is not true. The President is a very important figure, but they are not all-powerful.

They don’t understand how government works, lol

Because trumps Twitter is the only news source they believe.

I saw an unhinged tweet from some lunatic who asserted that, for the sake of efficiency, only the presidential vote was changed on tickets.  It was not only quicker, but not giving Dems a total victory made the fraudulent outcome more “credible.”  An obviously stupid argument, but the tweet was followed by responses of, “yes, yes, makes perfect sense; you’ve solved the case!”  So none of this has to resemble a coherent scheme whatsoever.

Because of Hillary's emails, *that's why*!1!!

Biden conservative here. Trumpies have lost the ability to think for themselves so when Trump says something they just all think it at the same time. Trump doesn’t need to back up anything he says because his supporters aren’t being thoughtful enough to reject any of it. It’s as simple as that.

I have so much anxiety that Trump is going to pull some shit I won't relax until Biden is sworn in. These next couple of months are going to be hell

I think it might be store along with the same argument that Hillary can kill someone in prison (Epstein), but can't figure out how to win the Electoral College.

Trump is attempting to gaslight america into oblivion the election was rigged.

Nothing is being said about North Carolina. Why? He's winning that state. 

What about Ohio? Oh he won that state. 

What about Texas? Oh he won that state. 

Trump is not going to magically win. What we're seeing is more and more of an authoritarian come to life and undermine EVERYTHING!

Yeah doesn’t make sense because I could heavily see Republicans say “I don’t like Trump but I want to keep the Senate” so those ballots make sense. I can’t wait till 1/20/2021...

I'm a republican and I accepted all the results.

Then present the evidence to a court of law, not the court of public opinion, or shut up. Or if you want to scream about election failure then ask about 10 election bills that were tried to be passed but not because of Republicans denial claiming they weren't needed. So which is it. But sure keep on filing lawsuits, he does have that right. Won't get him anywhere but go right ahead but I'm wondering if you could help me out for a cut and blow on my yard in the Philly area? Recommendations?

Guys this is getting out of hand...My blind trump supporter dad bought a weapon as he said to use against the "democrats" who rigged the election. I'm legit scared of what is going to happen over that next few weeks.

I don't get the Trump people at all. They claim fraud to the point of having supporters chant "Stop The Count" in states that Trump was ahead in, yet also yell "Count The Vote" in states where he was behind in?

As a republican, I accepted the Presidential election with a giant smile on my face.

Conservative here. This is a small minority of right wingers who think like this everyone in my circle knows it’s over. However I think this election and every election should be investigated and validate the votes. It’s very important for democracy. But in no way to I expect the votes to shift in trumps favor. He was just too hated and it showed.

because it's *not what they want!*

I love how its only rigged when trump loses. If trump had won, non of them would have batted an eyelid. Trump supports are brainwashed.

I guess that means they haven’t read all the comments in trumps tweets debunking his lies.

It's because they gained a few seats in the House. Those votes DO count and are legit /s

It feels like fraud when I lose! Blah, whatever. They want just what they want and results that don't reflect their ideation of MAGA-topia are patently false. Never middle grounded or compromised. If only most of the democratic base and our leaders would lean harder into the same populist equivalence of "we get it our way and nothing else" but no, we push the overton window to the right to show we'll take "the higher path" by compromising, in this long con of making us more and more conservative by giving in.

Because their MAGA tears distort their vision to only see what they want to see.

Republicans are vile assholes

Sadly, I might know the answer to this, saw it on a far right blog.  They believe a bunch of ballots showed up with only Biden selected, and no other races selected.  The feverish rationalizations of desperate people.

Simple minds like simple math.

This is a pointless question. Republicans only call "foul" when things don't go their way. 

When Trump was ahead on Tuesday: "Stop counting the votes. The rest are fraudulent!"

The moment Trump was behind on Thursday: "Why aren't you counting **all** the votes? The election is rigged!"

There's just no winning with these hypocrites.

Allegedly Pennsylvania has "always had problems with voter fraud" yet it didn't bother them in 2016.

Shoot first and ask questions never.

Because the person in the White House is a spoiled teenager, a rotten brat who has never been told "No" before, can't admit to being wrong, is frightened of losing and needs to fucking win everything, just because

Republican? Logic? Good luck with that.

Well this republican has accepted the results

Anything less than what I want is unnacceptable, its pretty easy logic.

The bigger question is, if you really, 100% believe there is widespread voter fraud, wouldn't you want every state double checked, not just the ones you lost?

https://youtu.be/JmafTkrtM7I
All the trump supporters who can’t get over themselves about the election need to stop.

Because they are waiting for Georgia results to complain.

Logic is a Marxist conspiracy!

But seriously, I voted Biden but I know some republicans and most of them aren’t this far down the rabbit hole. They’ll move on to the next guy who wants to cut taxes or mention the Bible. The diehard Trumpers on the other hand who ride around in these caravans are regularly exposed to 1984 level propaganda and will believe any conspiracy theory. These people are weaponized stupidity.

Imagine thinking corruption can only go one way

They know no election fraud happened, it just doesn't fit their narrative in the case of Biden being elected as the president and replacing their beloved trump.

Because Republicans are allergic to the truth. And also science apparently.

This is asking for the rational Republicans to explain the actions of the irrational Republicans.

They aren't going to have an easier time figuring it out than we are.

The problem is that Trump emboldened the absolute worst people. Those people have gotten loud and belligerent with practically everything they do and they seem to feel that Trump was the best thing ever because he made it okay for them to be their horrible selves wherever they feel like.

Trump losing the election, takes all that away. So those obnoxious, ignorant pricks are going to be as loud and as obnoxious as they can on their way out in the hopes that throwing a temper tantrum will change the results.

At their core, they are ignorant. The House and the Senate didn't change all that much and none of those folks are backing idiots like the Proud Boys openly like Trump is. They've got no reason to *care* about the House and the Senate - so they don't care about those votes and just give their ignorant, "yeah, that vote was fair."

Republicans probably couldn't tell you this because they're too close to the problem, don't want to make their party look even worse, or are too ashamed of their fellow party members to speak out against them - with a heavy dose of not wanting to be tarred with the same brush.

i live in a very conservative area and they really just don't understand how government works. 

&#x200B;

an example just from today- group of angry people standing around, without masks, upset biden won. talking about how scientists are useless because the pandemic keeps getting worse and "they haven't fixed it yet". they're completely clueless.

This is not against you in particular, because what you're doing is classy so I'm going to assume you're a stand up guy/gal.  But I would like to point out that Democrats are always called upon "to heal the division" every time in they're in power.  While Republicans spike the ball and talk about sticking it to liberals.  Clinton appointed a Republican to be defense secretary.  I'll give Bush some credit, he appointed a democrat to be secretary of transportation (this is more than offset by the purge at the justice department, and it's a less important post than defense but okay, at least there was reciprocity).  Obama appointed three.  It was not only a reciprocal gesture, but an expansion of it.  It was a very ambitious good faith gesture that cost him with his own party.  But it was not met in kind by Republicans in Congress, and Trump of course did nothing to keep such attempts at bipartisanship.

I beg you, when you cast your next primary vote for house, senate and the presidency, you vote for someone who will work *with* Democrats.  I spent the first twenty years of my political life as an independent, I'm now a Democrat.  And that's because I see one party trying to work with the other, and the other doesn't even try.  Please help change that.

If your candidate would had won, do you think he would've given a speech like that? 

And that's all you need to know why 75 million didn't vote for the current gas lighting mother fucker.

You know what's interesting? The rest of the world is celebrating... I am getting calls overseas....friends and family congratulating us. 

That didn't happen when Trump won. The rest of the world aren't all liberal, they are a hell of a lot more objective than that.

All our European allies are at ease. That should tell you something. 

Get off Facebook bro, it's bad for your brain. The Republican party is a joke.

Two days ago, you said this:

>If we lose, we lose democracy.  Every future election will be as corrupt as this one. 

What has changed since then?

Biden was among my last choices in the primaries, but he won me over during the campaign.  If anyone can start to heal the divisiveness, it's him.

Republicans are the dividers always embracing radicalism, which is how they lost this election, Biden doesn't change that at all.

Stop being radicals AND THEN ask for unity. You need to go ask other Republicans to act like normal human beings capable of compromise, not preach it to the party of compromise.

Take your efforts and put them where they should have always been, in your own party. The fake calls for unity don't help and Dems calling for unity won't help. 

**YOU have to call out YOUR OWN people to make anything happen**. We already compromised too much with your radicalism and now we even need to FBI to counter **your domestic terror threats** on a regular basis.

"I voted for chaos but they lost... Pretty please let's not have what goes around comes around?"

You voted for Trump because he protects Catholics? Biden is an engaged practicing Catholic, Trump can't give you a single verse from the Bible. Trump protected his own interests because he wants his SC to give him an illegitimate win.

You are not forgiven because you have not admitted wrongdoing.

Honestly, I'm not there yet. The amount of vitriol spewed at me by Trump supporters has made me question if I can really ever respect someone who supported Trump. Seriously, my own brother threatened me with physical harm because I didn't support Trump. His supporters spent the last four years jeering, while celebrating wanton acts of cruelty all because that was the party line.

I’m not an American, but I have a burning question: given your very sensible stand now, how were you able to support Trump just a few days ago? And if you were to go back to that time, having had the thoughts/experiences you have now, would you still be pulling for him to win (assuming the outcome could somehow be different)? I’m trying to understand how these two sets of views can be compatible.

Honestly, I don't know how to get over the people in our lives and in our neighborhoods that voted for this fascist authoritarian Trump for two elections in a row. They want to just move on (well those who don't want to pretend there's "election fraud", cry more racists), but come on- you don't stop being a racist bigot over night just because your candidate lost and you put your Trump flags in the closet. Ya'll need to atone and prove you've changed, otherwise your apologies for supporting a racist president and his racist, bigoted policies means nothing, bigot. My father and I spoke last night that once our white in-laws wore their maga hats, neighbors with trump flags, and trump supporting friends showed us who they are.... how do we un-see that? Do we do a cleaning? Inject our eyes with bleach? Na- we can't unsee this shit and we see you all for who you are. We need accountability, reparations, atonement from everyone who upholds white supremacy and fascism.

Or do we just move forward as a nation with the decent people and leave the 68 million racist bigots behind?

So explain to me why you supported Trump? I'm genuinely curious. If you consider yourself a person of faith, what did he do to or what has he done to uphold your values?

Listen, there will come a time for healing division. Right now we are going to gloat, you guys made us live through 4 years of racism, hatred, and anti anything approaching human decency. You guys don’t get to demand we extend an olive branch now.

No. Let's see where you are in a year, OP. Four years of supporting Trump comes with a reprogramming phase.

Good luck, OP. I wish you well.

No. This vote wasn’t about a difference in politics, this is a difference in morality. I can reconcile differences in politics but a vote for Trump shows a distinct lack of  morals.

Ok that's cool and all but this thing is about to get very ugly very fast and when the bodies start dropping I doubt very seriously that you're going to be jumping in front of any bullets pointed at democrats. What trump is doing by refusing to accept the fact that most of the country voted against him is practically inciting murder(s). But as his reaction and response to corona has shown he doesn't care about American lives. You support that.  so thanks but no thanks friendo.  This country is about to experience one of it's darkest periods and supporters of trump, like you, are going to be the cause.

And the worst thing is he planned this upcoming carnage, knowing he would probably lose he planted the seeds by calling mail in votes fraudulent for months before the election knowing that democrats were being encouraged to vote by mail.  his plan to sabotage the USPS failed so now we're in phase 2...  phase 3, after he loses in court, is when it gets nasty.

Trump supporters, like you, are at fault.  So no thanks, go back to  your side and know this, if we fall it's because your man would rather burn it all down than to lose power.  Someone's family is going to die because of him and you. FOH.

Welcome my friend.

Healing can start with open dialogue and trust.

Why do you think President-Elect Biden is unfit?

Where did you hear that Vice-President-Elect Kamala Harris will force Catholics to renounce their faith if they want to serve in government?

I look forward to our discussion and thank you for being brave enough to cross the aisle, so to speak, and reach out to your fellow Americans.

I wanted to do the same on conservative, but it is a safe space so I am not permitted to engage without the requisite flair.

Edit: OP, my fellow American, I cannot see your comment reply for some reason. I need to step away for some hours now, so apologies in advance if I don't get back to you right away but at present I don't know why I can't see your reply.

"Heal the division" like the other side wasn't trying to undermine and attack for the last 4 years, and for everytime they've been in power before that. That calls to "heal and unite" are just a way to shift the specturm right. GOP is in power, they do everything they can to push more extreme towards their side, and them when Dems are elected, they're called to find the middle ground, which really isn't the missle any more because of how far right the other party has gone. And then when the Dems fall prey to that they move to the right to "come together", thereby shifting everything right leaning. Thats how the liberal party in this country is actually on the right of the spectrum.

How do you vote for trump and then hope Biden can heal the division? So now you want to heal now that the clown you support can no longer sow the very division you helped create?


HOW THE FUCK DOES THAT WORK?!?!

You don't have to talk to us, although we welcome it. Focus on temping down the extreme parts of your own party. Write, call and visit your party's obstructionist reps and get this country moving again. Biden will represent us well, but we have to participate too.

Thanks for the support I guess still don't really trust Trump supporters.

Sorry,   but this new found patriotism among Republican karma trolls & the resulting late-stage mea culpas just come across as false & self-serving. You don't get absolution for your sins of supporting murderous fascists for years without a few acts of contrition.

Yes, I want my pound of flesh. You've certainly taken a few from Americans.

What make you support Trump?

You actively stoked the division, my man.

If you actually feel like unity is a good thing you shouldn't support Mitch McConnell and you shouldn't vote for Republicans like Matt Gaetz or  Marjorie Taylor Greene or even guys like Lindsey Graham.

Do some soul searching and learn to read a book. I don't want to hear apologies after we win. I wanted to hear them when Trump committed all of his crimes.

I don't believe it'll make any difference. You say it now because you didn't win, but you'll vote the way you always have in the midterms. Trump was a symptom of the entire ecosystem. 

How many fringe news sources do you follow? OAN? Breitbart? Whatever you see on facebook? 

&#x200B;

Go read this and then apologize for this. Not for your loss:

[https://www.mcsweeneys.net/articles/the-complete-listing-so-far-atrocities-1-967](https://www.mcsweeneys.net/articles/the-complete-listing-so-far-atrocities-1-967)

Here’s my thinking about Trump supporters: if you’re still out there screaming about election fraud, marching through the streets while visibly armed, have QAnon stickers all over your car and have ever used the phrase “fuck your feelings” unironically, go away and don’t come back until you’ve legitimately repented.

If you voted Trump but are willing to take the L, give Biden a real chance and take a hard, long look at what Trump did to the GOP and to the country as a whole, welcome aboard.  Democracy cannot work any other way.

Get ready for a very boring presidency.  I think Biden might pleasently surprise you.

The fact that Dems rejected its most partisan wing and instead nominated Joe should be seen as a desire by most Dems to work the GOP and compromise on the big issues.

Take a moment and just answer this question for me please. Are you just jumping from one leader to another or do you really mean it? 

Because, we need people who stand for values, not for power.

I’m glad you are not a falangist. 

That is all. Carry on.

Thank you for your congratulations. I truely hope that more people like you come out of the woodwork. Let's heal America!

Good on you for trying to heal heal the division.

There's a few things to establish before we can come together on healing. Science is real, the warming earth is ACTUALLY happening. The stock market doesn't matter for regular folks, a steady paycheck does. Barack Obama is United States citizen. Osama Bin Laden is actually dead. There is no massive voter fraud operation happening. Chem trails are a made up load of bullshit. Refugees just want to come to a better place, they aren't terrorists. Vaccines don't cause autism and the flu shot doesn't infect you with the flu. Windmills don't cause cancer or kill all the birds. Hillary Clinton's emails are unequivocally irrelevant. The Confederacy was a group of traitors to the United States of America. Inherent racism still exists in today's society and is an existential threat to black people.

Once republicans can recognize those basic things, then we can being to start healing. If we can't agree on basic common facts the you all can fuck right off thank you.

Shut up, you disingenuous, evangelicaL conspiracy kook.  We can read your comment history, you crusading zealot of fascism.  

Why do you bother doing this?  Didn’t you just finish saying that democracy is “officially dead” now that Biden’s won the democratic vote?  Get out of here with your attention whoring.

You'll encounter many who will tell you to get stuffed, but please don't retort. There are plenty of liberally-minded people who will invite you into the discussion without prejudice.

If you're serious about that, please write a letter to your senator asking him or her to reject partisanship and vote to confirm judicial appointees and agency heads and to put country before party when it comes to supporting bills on healthcare, economic stimulus, and the environment. Reject gridlock. Let America function.

I wish most Trump supporters shared this sentiment, I really, really do. But, the truth is they are far from. Something unforgivable is this wedge that’s been jammed into families due to Trumpism and Fox News. The truth about Trumps base is most aren’t Republicans, they’re Trump supporters period. Personally, these last four years have done more damage to my family than anything I could imagine. It’s sad, it hurts, and I just hope, god willing, it can be repaired. 

My wife and I were ecstatic when the announcement finally came in. I think the combination of these last few years, 2020 in general, and then the days waiting for the declaration made her rush to post a simple “yay Biden” or something on Facebook. From then on she’s been getting eviscerated by some family. I wouldn’t say she’s super political by any means, most people aren’t, but she was just happy. Nobody has come to her defense and the Trumpers are just ridiculous. I’ve come very close to creating a Facebook just to tell them to back off.

It just seems everyone threw out right and wrong for single-minded points of view and perspective.

This is all we want. We don't want heads on pikes or wars in the streets or a USSR flag flying about the white house, all we want is for politics to FINALLY be boring again.

OP, you give me hope in a better America. Thank you. Let's build her back up, eh?

💙❤️💙❤️

Fuck off honestly. You and everyone that supported trump are the reason for so much hate and division. This is like a kkk member coming to a black panther meeting and saying “let’s come together now ok?” GO FUCK YOURSELF

This is cute and all but if you still support Trump after the last 4 years, you can go fuck yourself.

I love Governor Wolf.  He's the only thing that has made me feel even close to safe for the last 8 months.  One of the first to take REAL action, and it's almost certainly going to cost him his job.  A really admirable executive.

Remember: mail-in votes aren't "questionably legal", they're not a contingency plan, or optional. They're 100% every bit as valid as in-person votes. No one can win until all the votes are counted, and mail-in votes can't just be thrown out any more than this or that counties in-person votes can just be thrown out.

Please check out Protect the Results and sign up to be mobilized to local demonstrations if Trump tries to throw out legal votes.

is... trump just casually threatening a governor?

How. Are. People. Still voting for Trump.

I just waited for over an hour to vote in the Lehigh Valley. We're turning PA Blue.

Fuck you, fascists.

I voted for Biden in PA! It’s exciting and terrifying living in a swing state. Also props to Governor Wolf he’s a good guy.

Watching from California I feel pretty confident that this governor gives zero effs and will do the right  thing. He’s Not scared of orange Donald.

I never thought I’d see a election where a sitting president was actively trying to suppress votes. Good Christ I can’t wait til this ride is over.

Also, have you seen John Fetterman, the Lt. Governor? He doesn't look like one you can f\*\*k with either.

[Come at me, bro!!](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FJohn_Fetterman_(politician)&psig=AOvVaw32p1CJtbgGv96cnOyvYn3f&ust=1604498530521000&source=images&cd=vfe&ved=0CAIQjRxqFwoTCMj8xPrE5uwCFQAAAAAdAAAAABAZ)

Trump may have more followers than Tom Wolf but I’m sure Tom Wolf has more friends than Trump.

This is one of the real strengths of our country, Trump can try to intimidate a Governor, but there are 50 of them so it would be a big job to fuck with too many at once.

Question that I don’t know where to ask. Is any money being spent to go to hire buses for neighborhoods where it’s tough for people to vote (have to take a bus from a station and handicapped or one car for a full family that’s used by whoever needs it, or may even just be too hard to fight cold weather without help) Seems like a good way to both support getting more votes, no matter who, and better than spending constant cash on commercials.

THANK YOU GOVERNOR WOLF!

Everyone needs to remember this evil stuff when Trump loses and Dems start saying "well we don't want to start prosecuting ex-presidents, that's not normal here and losing was enough punishment".

Biden Admin is going to need an entire committee of people to investigate this administration and every one of them should be charged and thrown in jail.

Don't be intimidated by the full grown oompa loompa.

His way of saying “fuck him, keep counting!”

They assume that because they can and do cheat at every possible opportunity, Democrats must also do so.

Even if we assume Democrats have the same deep moral failings as Republicans, which is an absurd suggestion on its face, what's the motivation to cheat here? The goal of cheating is to win, and there's no need for Democrats to cheat in order to win.

Ohioan here, just saying hi

Every voice counts, whether we agree or not.  This man has done a good job keeping our state safe during covid with Dr. Levine.  We have a responsibility to protect our state and neighboring states.

PA voters - no matter your choice, please go and vote.  And stay safe!

lmao he can fuck right off with his pathetic threats. Go eat a russian dick, donnie boy

#PresidentalThreats

This is it... I'm hoping Joe wins from all the way in australia, for us non americans and more importantly all those americans out there, we've all suffered from trump's failure we need someone new or else this may be the end of US history

The Wolf is at it again. The Wolf is going to feast on an orange tomorrow.

I live in one of the republican states--high rate of unemployment, low literacy, marginalized ethnic community, 30 bil. perpetual state debt...you know the type--and really find myself inspired by Gov. Wolf. Whatever his problems and persona, he at least is better than my governor, who goes home every night and rides a maga-themed mega-fist dildo whilst making unbreakable eye contact at a life-sized cardboard stand-in of Donald Trump.

Vote 🗳

I’m so loving this! My mom is 80 she is anxious and excited our polling station was no wait. 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊🌊love must TRUMP hate

First time I’ve seen this sub make the front page.

I was a Bernie supporter in the primaries, but I’m proud to say that I voted for Biden this election

Trump is just a dumb bully.

I fucking hate bullies.

Lord I stg if pennsylvania fucks this up for us. I aready hate the steelers and the eagles, so if yall lose us this election you will become my least favorite state again

Side note, though - why are so many states so behind the times? Why not start counting the votes as they come in, like other states do?

My buddy called me while ago and said he supposed I was going to gloat and be insufferable “when” (not if) Biden wins. I am not like that. I will be pleased to get the orange  liar out, but I don’t gloat about stuff like that.

as a Californian, all eyes are on you, get us this election boys

just love that he can openly threaten people and not get in trouble

Trump has friends?

What's scary is that there are people pretending to work for the government that send emails to likely voters saying "your voter location has been changed to so and so" so that they vote there, but of course they don't belong to that area so they can't vote. They wait in line for hours at the alternate voting location without having the slightest clue that they were lied to until it's too late.

It really shows how fucked up our voting system is. Voting systems crashing all over the place, meanwhile the USPS is crumbling whilst trying to keep track of the millions of ballots sent by mail. 

The way we vote needs to change. Other countries are laughing at us because of the rampant voter suppression and all the other crap.

What a clown. He doesn't sound desperate and scared at all. This is not the behavior of someone who sounds like a win is in the bag

because it was a vote winner.

Trump doesn't want to count military ballots.  He thinks the troops shouldn't have a say in the election.

Man I like Wolf, he isn’t as progressive as I would like but he also isn’t as spineless as a lot of Dem politicians. Dude is solid.

Hell yeah, this guy is like your cool uncle

You don't HAVE to vote for that kid.

The fact that Trump threatens a Governer like that (or anyone for that matter) shows the lows him and his cult followers can reach.

**[Donate! Whether it's $5 or $27 every donation makes a big difference!](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/redditforjoe)**

EVERYBODY GET IN HERE

I’ll always be a fan of Warren, but this pick got my parents to vote for Biden. So. Alright.

I love reading social media comments about Harris not being a good pick bc she did xyz. Bruh did you forget pence supports electrotherapy to “cure gayness”? He still managed to become VP despite that so clearly this crap aint dealbreakers

As an Indian, this is so exciting! I never thought I would see a person of Indian descent as America’s VP in my lifetime.

Oh the debate that will happen between harris and pence just makes me oh so happy

Biden Harris 2020, Has a nice ring to it

Solid pick, Kamala is very smart and sharp. To those that argue she's 'not progressive' enough, as a former Warren supporter I'd like to remind you that Biden has reached out and included progressives in all aspects of his policy development and they have a strong seat in the convention to help develop policy. For those that say her prosecution background will hurt her, I'll just say that I'll be happy to have someone in the VP seat that actually understands and will follow law as opposed to the obstruction and corruption there now.

I was 100% behind Sanders in the primaries and was devastated when he lost. But I have to say, Biden has really won me over this year and I think Harris is a solid pick. They don't line up with my views on everything but I think they are a great ticket. It's not quite what I wanted but I am very happy with our nominees.

The way she hammered away at Kavanaugh, she's going to light Pence up in the debates.

She wasn't my preferred pick for VP, but I think the issues people have with her tend be a bit overblown. I'm excited for Biden/Harris to lead America.

Best pick, she balances him out so well with her youth and tv friendliness and progressive voting record.

#WELCOME KAMALA TO THE WINNING TICKET!

r/politics megathread is being slammed by (Russian) trolls.

This was what I wanted from the beginning. Biden/Harris complement each other well, and I think will have what it takes to go up against Trump/Pence.

Man these debates are gonna be brutal.

BIDEN-HARRIS 2020 LETS GOO

Mother is going to have to comfort Mike Pence. She’s going to annihilate him.

Works for me and if anyone has a problem, they can put their energy into electing a new progressive Senator from CA who  terrifies everyone at Faux News even more than Kamala.

Alright folks, I'll admit that Biden wasn't really my first choice but as long as he and his new running mate can get that orange idiot out of the White House, I'm in!

We’re in the endgame now.  Let’s roll!

So I keep up with the number of Joe Biden’s Facebook followers - weird and unimportant, I know - but there has been a MASSIVE surge in likes. 14K in the last 15 minutes.

Remember folks, we can't be everywhere at once and trolls are a lot easier to spot if you report them. That button is there for a reason.

Trolls are out in force of course. The megatheadtards are especially entertaining this evening. Downvoted half that thread. They're even in here. Fuck you trolls.

I just love her so much.

Will Mother allow Mike Pence to be on stage with a woman?

The VP debates are going to be interesting.

Kamala was the first candidate for office I've ever donated to. I am stoked she's on the ticket!

This is a winning ticket. Excited to get out the vote for Biden-Harris.

Support this choice 100% this Texan will be voting for this power duo come November!

I donated my entire winnings from predict it, and then bought a new yard sign and some stickers

she’s gonna eat pence alive in the VP debates. can’t wait

Just donated $100. Let's do this.

I can’t wait to vote BidenHarris2020! Very good news!

let's win this thing...

People, please register to vote, volunteer to help in polling locations.

The connection between Joe and Kamala go way beyond Beau. And let's not forget, she was an ally and supporter for Barack Obama long before he was President. This is THE pick that will reignite and rebuild the Obama Coalition and lead us to victory in the battle for the soul of our nation.

Alright, everyone gets to cheer/ react for the rest of the afternoon. Then it's time to get to fucking work.

Edit: don't give gold, donate to the effing campaign.

"Note for Facebook fact checkers. This is not true. This is satire"

The fact that needs to be on the pic is amazing

“There’s no evidence anywhere!”

Every leftist. 

I guess they don’t understand that everything presented is evidence.

These must be counted immediately 😡🤬this isn’t funny

Unlike those idiots on the other side, at least we know how to laugh and maintain a sense of humor even when confronted with such disgusting and appalling adversity.

I knew those Martians were no good.

Biden-"YO GUYS WE NEED TO GO TO MARS LIKE RN."

All for Biden.  Not even a deez nuts ballot.

Hahaha! I bet they are postmarked early too!

It doesn't matter if they're on Mars they were sent in on time!

Donald trump is our leader and we need to follow him and love him your all just haters he is America’s president 🇺🇸!!!! USA!!!! 🇺🇸 USA!!!!!! 🇺🇸

Omg can you losers just admit that you lost? You all sound just as whiny as Democrats did in 2016.

I am at my chemo appointment, just took my dexamethasone, starting to feel like Donald, maybe start some fabricated mail fraud stuff.

Oh man i'm laughing my ass off right now.

You jest, but at this point it really wouldn't surprise me.

BASED POST

Damn, you guys still salty that orange man lost?

Listen, the argument being made for the circumstances of an observer in Philly not being allowed in was one case I've seen video of. I dont have the source on hand, was just a guy with documents saying he could be there, and two people at the door not allowing it and telling him to call the police. 
  The argument against the observers that were testified as being there, was about like you said, for them to have a closer viewing to verify documents. The rules set in that station, as well as others but not all, were for them to read from a 6 foot distance. Which may not be impossible for everyone, but it sure as hell makes it difficult. They just wanted to verify the names but the Covid protocol said they had to be a certain distance. 
 Some stations received permission to get closer, as they were, the people handling the ballots repositioned their table further to have the 6 foot distance, defeating the purpose. 

    Just what I know.. Trying to be informative. Not misleading, or opinionated.

No write in votes for Hillary?

105 comments in this thread...I bet working together all of you could break into triple digits on an IQ test

How many trump court cases have been thrown out regarding voter fraud . One was literally just thrown out with the trump lawyer admitting hearsay. Y’all delusional

To be fair, as an adulteress, if she was a good follower of her faith, Ilhan would be advocating for her own stoning.  So she is not a devoted follower.

Her faith speaks so loudly, she married her brother.

I know it’s insignificant in the grand scheme, but I am irrationally angry that the rules were changed to allow her to wear a hat in chambers. Call it what you wish, but at the end of the day, it’s a hat. 

Ostensibly because she is so lust inducing that we mere mortal men would be consumed by a vast and uncontrollable lust were we to observe the holy vision that is her hair. 

She hates us and everything we stand for. Texans should insist on cowboy hats. I would like to see one of my reps sporting a Detroit Tigers cap. Perhaps a Shriner’s fez? 

They’ve destroyed the dignity our congress had, so let’s have some fun with it.

Omar's one isn't a religion, it's a cult.

Makes me sick to see Il-ham in a position of power in America.

What pissed me off about her was that IIhan Omar was elected solely because she's Muslim and not because she's got her absolute best for the country.

REALITY!

Irdc abt religion. As long as they respect the country and do good I’m ok

Even though I'm atheist, her religious beliefs don't scare me all too much. 

But a religion that preaches to lie and deceive the *infidel* then cut their throat from behind their back... yeah, hard pass.

Why isn't that brother fucker in jail?

Muslims are only here to slowly take over. Just like they did every other place.

Reminder that Ilhan Omar is an anti-semite who thinks Jews are brainwashing the world, and once wished for Allah to strike them down. She also supports Islamic terrorists.

Ones a publicly elected official the other isn’t.

You know Muhammad only said kill all Jews and all christains

Holy Xenophobia Batman! Hope one day you all can look in a mirror and be truly happy.

Good point!

Who made her faith a problem?

umm, who even is this person that is supposedly going to bring Sharia to The United States?  Does she have special powers?

Neither of their religions bother me.  I just don't want laws based on them.

The difference is, of course, Omar doesn’t base her policy on her religion, but rather what’s best for her constituents. Why would she be pro-LGBT if she was basing her policy on her religion? Barrett can’t separate her religion from her need - as a judge - to be impartial.

You couldn’t think your way out of a wet paper bag with scissors in your hand - collectively.

What did they say about Barret's religion?

Nooo islam religion of peace what yu mean?!?

One is a judge, with a lifetime appointment; the other is a member of congress, for a two year term. That’s the reason that separation of church and state exists. So that no religious belief should limit the blessings of liberty.

Your racism is showing

Religion isn’t an issue unless you use it as a tool to revoke rights of others. (Women have the right to choose an abortion, labeling it as unjust because a religious text tells you it is wrong and then taking the right away is unconstitutional.) If a new religion was introduced that stated that guns are sinful and no human should kill another, a follower of that religion cannot make a law taking away all guns because it is their religious belief to as the seconds amendment says it would be unconstitutional.

Both religions fuckin suck

What's with the hat?

the title of this post is exactly the definition of Donald J Trump and all of his supporters.

Hypocracy

perhaps fitting that the top trending posts both have that in its title.

And yes thats the same song and dance christians have been touting for years better not blame us.  Muslims are evil.  Obama is a muslim so therefor he is a terrorist.  Trump is not about terror.   He would never support something like that.

Friday afternoon a flood of vehicals sorrounded Bidens bus screaming profantaties and insults at it.  They then pulled in front of the bus to try to slow it down in the middle of the highway.. a dangerous and potentally deadly act.   reports are the goal was they wanted to push the bus off the road... and one trump spporter posted on facebook that he rammed one of the biden vehicals

using violence and fear to intimidate people more so about a government even if actual violence does not take place but in this case engagine in a clearly illigal and dangerous act (blocking a vehcal in the middle of the highway)

&#x200B;

IS the very definition of domestic terrorism.

if it ended there... one could say it was just a isolated group of people that had nothing to personally do with  the President.

it didnt end there.

Trump not once, not twice, but at least three times personally indicated his support and encouragement of the events tweeting that they were :"patriots": knowing FULL well at that time (and even tweeting about it ) that the FBI was investigating the incident.

Congratulations.  Your president who for so long tried to smear Obama as a terrorist. just publicaly supported domestic terrorism.

I guess when  his lies fail to convince people hes :"right:" He turns to fear.

Hypocrisy indeed.

Oh and yes the Christians are blameless.  They didnt elect into power someone from day ONE who  was proven to be a immoral, bigoted,  hateful. womanizing bigot, not so much by what others said about him but what he said HIMSELF in his own words and his OWN  tweets.

over the last four years i have watched in horror as chruch after church and christian leader after christian leader bowed down at the altar  of the Cult of Trump, giving into his lies and his con game.....because they were too afraid to fight for what was right on their own.    Their were sooo afraid of Clinton.she was pro choice.. she was pro LGBT she would take away their religous freedom.

Religous freedom isnt the right to cram your one sided views down other peoples throats.  It is the right to worship as YOU choose.   You dont like abortions, dont have abortions..  You dont like gay marrage. dont marry your own sex.  simple as that.    Trying to cram that down the rest of americas throats and then justifying that by electing the most morally currupt and dangerous man in history (of us presidency) to power IS the definition of conspiracy.

but instead of teaching love and understanding which is what Jesus taught you use your faith as a weapon to bow beat the bible over peoples heads.    You demoize the democrats and others as evil and dark just to justify your warped views.  You use fox news as a platform for hate and ignorance so long as it suited you.

and want hypocracy?  You have an image We the people as a banner for this subreddit but when Trump loses the election you will do everything in your power to try to stop legitimate votes from counting and if that doesnt work you and Trump will turn to violence and more fear.

Hypocracy

you hate what you do not understand

you hate the democrats you hate the muslims you hate LGBT people (not all of you but many Trump supporters do)

but on the other hand God forbid anyone disagree with your views .

But you are all conned.  Trump doesnt care about you..he doesnt care about America he only cares about himself.  He is willing to tear this country apart and burn everything it stands for to the ground  so long as it suits his own ego and his own agenda.

you support a man who keeps saying he will get the virus under control. and has done anything but.    He even wants to fire the top guy who was the voice for decades in fighting not just this but other epidemics too.   What plan has Trump to stop the virus?

none

he has no plan.  There is no plan in place. there was never any plan in place

200 thousand people dead.  Nine million americans infected.  and all the president can do is spread lies and act like he could give a shit about the virus...holding massive unprotected rallys that are infecting thousands and killing at least 700 people as a direct result.

and literally leaving his supporters out in the cold as he boards his fancy plane after they are over while the rest of them are stuck out in the cold waiting for the buses.

the more Trump supporters shout Hypocrisy.  They more they are speaking about themselves.

hypocrisy indeed.

pretty much sums up this subreddit very nicely.  So have my upvote.

Is q anon a religion?



Also TRUMPY WUMPY LOST AND IS GOING TO JAIL!! HAHAHA

Both of their religions are a problem because all religions, in the end, are just a bunch crap utilize to control both men and women.

Conservatives 
Got all the memes
Way better trolls
Way better policies
Way hotter woman
Way more succusful
Way more charitable
Way more productive

I mean i can go on and on and on and on

That’s the best!

That's some grade A trolling... what was the hunger strike for? It would have to be quite the cause for me to not walk over to the BBQ and stuff my face.

That’s pure gold..

Double points as they're probably all vegans lol

A hunger strike is practice for communism.

Chick on the left is thicc

I know the type. They want. They need. They deserve. Nothing is ever enough and nothing is ever right. They stand alone at the center of the universe whining for more.

Brilliant!

Want to irritate them more?  Make it a BBQ to change the Yale name to George Floyd University because Yale was a Slave Trader.  Sorry Grandpop, I know you taught there, but you'd roll over in your grave if you saw this shit now.

Has there been anybody since Ghandi whose self-inflicted death due to hunger would be a bad thing. All they're doing is threatening to continue to be pale and have low energy.

They’ve done this at peta protests too, it’s always hilarious.

Reminds me of the guy bbq’ing hotdogs out front of a vegan animal rights protest lol, look it up on YouTube, it’s hilarious. “They’re ruining my bbq” made me lose it

If I was fasting, I’d just go play video games

And the left says we can’t meme. Pffft.

A+ Troll this semester.

Lol!  Troll level; Master

3D chess right there

I've seen this meme before. I found it so funny and true.

Now that is world-class trolling, Trump style

Bwahahahaha

This is too funny! I love this!

I remember this happening years ago, was this even relevant to Trump at all?

Proving republicans are the true centrists

good. Smoke meat and praise yeet.

Oh my god I can't even express how much I love this. This gives me the feel goods.

That’s pretty savage, love it!

I don’t remember when that happened, but I believe it was at least two years ago.  It is extremely funny though.

Enemies eating together is a sign of good faith. Sometimes that’s all it takes for two opinions to intersect

Anyone got that thicc girl’s @ ?

"""""Liberals"""""

🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣......🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣

Those libs got owned!

Circa, this is three years old.

Hey guys these liberals just want to experience the fine delicacies of past socialist regimes let em be.

What where they on strike for?

Stage 4 TDS. Great work from owner.

Gold.

Staci seems racist.

lol Indians love Trump, good luck finding an Indian restaurant pro Biden.

Youch! Trump 2020!!

If a store was decked out with Biden 2020 gear, there’s only a small chance I won’t go there anymore, depending on if the funds go to say, abortion clinics, hell no I’m not going again. If I like the food and the funds are kept to the restaurant, I’m going again.

Bye felicia! Be quick or the door will hit you in the surgery area!!! 😂

I reported her review as a conflict of interest. It's not anything but shitty to leave a restaurant a bad review because you don't like their politics if it's not effecting the food or service. She knows what she's doing is a dangerous game to play right now with any brick and mortar.

You know that burnt her ass up, probably even worse than the Indian food.

She updated the review without saying it was edited: 

Basically, if you review them poorly you will receive hate notes, from the owner and friends. I did love the food. But during Covid, I waited at the bar for a pickup order (an extra 15 minutes more than the estimated pickup time) and noticed the placed decked out in MAGA gear. The owner confirmed.  I cannot support a business that contributes to the Trump campaign. A sad goodbye. If you need an alternative, Mint Indian Bistro has amazing food, service, and even a buffet sometimes.

Edit: my point is she considered this a hate note from the owner. How fragile can you be

Formidable Strategy. I died. What a happy ending

For everyone with an anti-Trump comment I will donate $100 to the Trump campaign

This dumb bitch: 

* Rated a speakeasy poorly because it was only "in the style of a speakeasy."

* Racistly rated a Mexican restaurant poorly for for not wearing masks or social distancing, saying the food was "like trying to make Mexican food in China." She was also taken aback that the server said the burgers were the best in town, even though it's "a Mexican food place!" and also complained that they didn't have enough Americanized Mexican food.

* Despite saying they had "GREAT coffee," called a coffee shop "totally depressing" and rated them poorly because they pay employees minimum wage in addition to benefits (because "they should get benefits anyway").

What a sad, miserable existence.

I wonder how it feels to be a democrat and see so many minorities supporting Trump. How delusional do you have to be?

Hahaha i love this❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤

SAVAGE

I know where to get Indian food in Vegas now!

Fuck her for screwing over a business by giving them one star.

Fucking legend

Hard working legal immigrants love Trump.

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCKING TRUMP SUPPORTING INDIANS, FUCK YEAH #TRUMP2020

Hahahahah I imagine how furious she was when she has read this message.

Spicy!

Epic

Tit for Tat ;-)

Based

Savage

Ok, that’s fucking savage

Really good food, but one star because DRuMpF. 
This is the modern left.

Womp Womp!

I mean, it's a restaurant, not a political rally. Seems tacky to decorate a dining room like that.

man, now there's some serious red pilling.

tHey HaVe InSurAnCe!!!!!!!

Hur dur.

Whatever, let those limousine liberals give all their money to the police. See if I care lol

They have no morals.

Uncle Roger is mad about this!

Not only that... they actively shut down fundraising activities for the victims of these riots.

These are literally donations to support fascism, because that’s what BLM and the liberals represent. Meanwhile they want to use that word to apply to Donald Trump. Hypocritical idiots. 

I still have yet to see one Democrat come out and say they don’t support the rioting or BLM. It’s insane. They’re this generations KKK...which was also a group of Democrats. Hopefully the majority of Americans see the pattern by November 3rd.

Or for childhood cancer!!

Left always care and speaks about perpetrators, never about victims.
Always how we mistreat prisoners (of which majority is in for a reason), how we must throw money at drug addicts.
Never about victims; never about people forcing to fear for their live because of hobos taking over cities.

Here's an idea, why don't the celebrities just adopt a couple dozen protesters, invite them to live in their houses and see how long that lasts.

Please, they are entertainers,  nothing more, nothing less. Elite my ass. The 21st century version of the Court jester.

Lmao. $0?

Calling and smelling bullshit.

Tons of places got help.

$750 should be enough

For any unfortunate soul to be scrolling down to the comments,

Don’t.

They know the businesses would get sacked again sooner than later. Donating to rioters gives them social credit points and continued work in music or Hollyweird.

Shame!

Insurance exists for these reasons...

It’s called insurance.

The fact that I pay more taxes than my president speaks volumes.

Trump could’ve donated money to looting victims but he’s too stingy to even pay $1000 in taxes so I doubt he’d contribute 🤷🏼‍♂️

For protestors, not rioters you dumb gaslighting fucks

They all have insurance.

Well I mean, you said 0 dollars right?? So that means not even billionaires like Trump and other people you guys idolize haven't bothered to give a single dollar to looting victims.

Donald Trump is the Elite. The same that use tax loopholes, are friends with human traffickers, and literally worked in hollywood.

Another ‘fake news’ claim

The fact that a waitress can pay$12,000 a year in taxes and the president pays $750 speaks volumes about this pos

I bet if it said BLM, they would have left it

Anyone with TDS would drive their cars into oncoming traffic trying to scream at the internet over the sign, so I understand why they took it down for the mental safety of their coddled population

CLOWN WORLD

Well the Trump sign would definitely cause massive traffic accidents as peoples heads explode, the protestors just slow you down from 65.

Disclaimer: Don’t run people over unless they’re trying to take you out of your car against your will.

The Left are a bunch of Fascists it’s move the goal post for whatever their sick agenda is

The thousands of billboards with pages of text and flashy pictures vs a flat white sign of 5 letters

God, this logic pisses me off

Wait.. they took it down?

The sooner the ocean takes California the better

Not a traffic hazard you say, I guess I'll keep driving

Wait wait wait....they called a sign on a hill a TRAFFIC HAZARD? Then what the fuck do they call traffic alert signs, stop signs or any billboard thats ever lined the streets up and down that town?

Lmao it took less than and hour for LA to take down that Trump sign but 10 years to fix a fucking pothole

Sadly this is how the left works. I think I will actually cry if they win.

Was that their excuse? They didn't even need an excuse so why make up one that sounds like bullshit?

My view is that things like that being taken down will wake people up more than it just sitting there.

Not that I didn't believe it... I guess I was just not wanting to... I can finally say that I'm surprised... I'm surprised that it's a "traffic hazard". *sigh* wow

Did they vote about it?who made these decisions?

Traffic hazard for whom? Rolling stones?

A sign with plain script and white lettering is distracting, yet painting BLM in bright yellow lettering in the middle of the fucking street isn't? Also dumb fucks standing in the middle of the road is very much a hazard considering a fair amount of the time they damage other's vehicles.

What about all those fucking truck rallies blocking freeways and bridges. Whine more, assholes

At least I can give you props for spelling the name right. Go get em kids!!!

Idiocy 🎯

Why the fuck is it backwards?
Why the hell can't you spell hazard correctly after already spelling it correctly?

Fuck Trump. Fuck his followers

You cucks should move back to Moscow where you belong and then you snowflakes can whine all you want

The moderator needs to be able to cut the mic.

I missed the beginning of the debate but caught most of it. Only one person tried to act presidential, and that was Joe. Trump only attacked and did what Trump does, went by his own rules.  He sure as hell didn’t persuade to not vote for Joe, only solidified my vote for Joe.

He repeatedly scolded Trump gently, and when he started to say 'Mr. President you're interrupting far more' Trump still claimed Biden did so as well.

There's just no winning. Even if Wallace summoned his father from the grave to control the debate Trump will still shit on the conversation.

Chris seems fed up with Trump tbh. He made a couple of snarky comments (when Biden said Trump doesn't know how to not interrupt, Wallace laughed and jokingly agreed) and got more aggressive towards the end of the debate. 

When he said to Trump "No no no no" as if Trump was a little kid I laughed. Wallace is 100% fed up with Trump lmao

Trump is like that kid who thinks talking louder means you win the argument

That debate was pathetic, classless and a burning dumpster fire. Trump was extremely unpresidential garbage. Felt terrible for Biden when he was talking about Beau. Canada backs Biden, Please go out there and vote that piece of shit out of the office!

I elect for the next debate that The Rock is the moderator. “Mr president, quit interrupting right now before I come up there and kick your candy ass” god I want this more than anything right now.

I about shat my pants when he told trump to "shut up"

The Rs on Twitter are complaining about him and you know the loser complains about the ref

Even Chris sounds like he is annoyed with tRump.

I was waiting for Wallace to say, “sir, this is a Wendy’s.”

The moderator needs to mute the other candidate during the “uninterrupted two minutes” segments.  Trump isn’t capable of shutting his mouth that long. 

I felt like I was watching a five year old go “na na na na na!  They can’t hear you!” over and over whenever Biden tried to talk.  

Actually... come to think of it... my five year old has better impulse control than that.  

Also, Biden needs to call Trump out more strongly on his downplaying of the virus, discouraging mask, and holding corona-rallies at airports where there are thousands of people with no masks during a friggin pandemic.

I’m at a loss for words. The other side believes that Chris was biased and is a democrat that was hired by Fox. Trump was constantly interrupted by Chris way more than Biden and so forth. The lengths at which people will go for this man they’ve never met and is a proven liar is just beyond infuriating. Also. The whole white supremacy thing while isn’t shocking, was still absolutely absurd to hear. There’s no spinning it. He said stand down and stand by. What the actual fuck.

The best was when Joe said, "Shut up, man."

Biden could have won the debate simply by saying “Did that sound presidential, folks?” After everything Trump says

That's the right wing strategy since they started being asked to defend their indefensible positions -- shout, filibuster, refuse to answer, act rudely, insult the host. If you had a guest like trump in your house, you'd throw him out before 5 minutes is up.

Pathetic is the name of the story of the US presidency since Jan 20, 2017

I got pretty fucked up drinking every time the President lied.  Next debate, "Mr. President, please..." is the watch phrase.

If I were Melania, I'd be so embarrassed that was my husband, but if rumblings are to be believed she's just as heartless and unaffected by him so...

Still, to be at all connected to that moron would be humiliating if you had a soul to begin with.

I actually felt bad for Wallace

Several things I noticed watching from home in Canada.

Proud Boys Stand Back and Stand By. Pretty much openly admitting he's racist and has plans.

End of the debate where both their wives come to them you can just tell who gives a shit about this pandemic.

After nearly everyone exits the room I think I heard a man shouting something but I couldn't make out what it was. Can anyone confirm what that was?

And I'd be stuttering too if I was constantly interrupted by a fucking moron toddler every few seconds. I'm surprised he wasn't clocked in the face. He deserves that and much worse.

Trump supporters are basically cult members. They will blindly follow their master like brain washed fanatics. I truly fear that when Trump loses he'll try to invalidate the results and refuse to transfer the presidency. I never thought I would see this.

Serious answers, constructive criticism is ok  - if you are preparing Biden what would you change for the next debate ?
For me: 
- I wouldn’t defend Hunter, I would just immediately pivot, look down the camera and at this election isn’t a out my son it’s about your family. It will pain him but he has to do it.
- Biden doesn’t have to use up the full 2 minutes. When the best points are exhausted it’s ok to stop and let Trump hang himself again.

Did I imagine it, or did Trump literally say “you’re Number Two” to Biden sotto voce?

I have to keep a clicker because counting out loud gets impossible with how often this happens

Should have cut his mic, and then watch him go ballistic. Seriously, why couldn't he have cut the microphone?

It looks like once again Trump got out of condemning white supremacists: "Proud Boys, stand back and stand by. But I'll tell you what, somebody's got to do something about Antifa and the left."

trump is a child!

Just get an airhorn, whenever trump speaks out of term, blow it at him

I liked the "that was a rhetorical question" jab he threw at Trump regarding the rules and Trump started arguing more so he had to cut him off with that line.  I lol'd at the absurdity of it all

At first tonight I wanted Chris Wallace to speak up and rebuke Trump for rudely interrupting.

As the debate wore on, I wanted Chris Wallace to just cut Trump's mic. 

Towards the end of the debate I wanted to climb onstage and slap Trump.

Guys, don’t forget to go donate to Joe’s campaign. This is a moment to make a statement and show support for Biden-Harris and work to defeat Trump.

Good lord, I voted for Trump the first time around and anybody who doesn’t admit this was beyond sad and embarrassing is just delusional.

He also started just yelling Stop and that didn’t even work.

We really need a counter for how many times each interrupt each other or the moderator.

Unfortunately trump did exactly what he went in there trying to do. Take over the room and cause chaos. Wallace had no control over it and Trump has zero respect for the integrity of a debate. I just hope Joe got enough time in between Trump’s yelling to get what he wanted to say out there to people that haven’t really heard his message a whole lot yet. But that debate was a sad reflection of our country right now. I really hope they shut Trump’s mic off while Biden is talking next debate

Can we take a moment to appreciate the sight of Fox News' Chris Wallace trying to control Donald Trump and completely failing. It's a perfect example of the fake news channel losing control of the fascist monster (Trump, as well as the Republican base) they created over the last 20 years.

Trump has never understood that no means no

And don't forget all the times Uncle Joe was being civil and Wallace said "Gentlemen! Gentlemen!!" as if the manufactured chaos was anywhere near equitable.

Should of just cut the idiots mic.

There's an article on Fox News from Laura Ingraham about how the traditional debate format "doesnt work very well". It worked fine until this President. If we have to cut the microphones of candidates because they can't be adults maybe they should just do seperate town hall events.

I was watching the video on YouTube and a lot of trumpets are posting “good job” or “awesome” etc it’s pretty crazy

Trump literally tweeted it himself 30 mins ago saying “I LOVE TEXAS”

#Vote This Man Out

They were trying to make her spin out.  This is an attempted murder.

Same folks that dismiss murder because of looting? They aren’t anti violence they are violence perpetrators...

Violence or threat thereof: check.

Politically motivated: check

Intended to influence policy: check

Yup, that’s terrorism.

This makes me furious but then I realized...they’re scared. By god Texas Republicans are scared! Holy crap maybe we can finally beat them!

White Privilege is being able to behave like a domestic terrorist and face no consequences. 

Man of colour drives poorly on those roads, he'll probably have his neck crushed by some fascist knee that afternoon.

If anyone has any doubt where the white car and black truck were before this happened. Video also shows a white truck pushing the staffers car out of the lane.  https://youtu.be/YHAQ0L4tVW4

Turns out the white car driver received a parking ticket in 2014, so let’s not go treating them like the innocent victim here.

On their sub, they are saying she swerved into their lane. 🙄 and that there is nothing wrong with trolling. They are just the lowest forms out there.

I’m so sad this happened in my state. WTF

The video made me so mad

I ended up in the middle of one of these Texas MAGA parades last weekend as they drove toward a major Collin County polling place to intimidate voters. 

There was road construction, and my lane came to an abrupt end, and I needed to merge into the middle of the caravan of lifted Texas trash pickups flying Trump flags. I signaled, and one of the trucks covered in MAGA decorations made room for me to merge. So I drove for a couple of miles in the middle of the racist parade. I'm white and my car doesn't have any Democratic paraphernalia on it (for this very reason), so they didn't have reason to pick on me. If I had dark skin, or any liberal bumper stickers on my car, I'm not sure what they would have done. They were riled up, honking and yelling. I was pretty tense for those few miles until I could break away.

Triggered republican snowflake attempts vehicular homicide on a US citizen exercising their constitutional right of free movement.

If trump wins America is done and I’m immigrating the hell out of here before it becomes nazi Germany.

Vanilla Isis at it again.

[The spin at r/Conservative](https://ibb.co/5hXMQgx)

I've seen some comments on a video of this that the SUV was in the wrong etc. Anyone wanna take a bet on the likely hood that the tRump black truck had forced its way up along side the SUV and then shoved it aside? Because I feel like that's what happened considering how absolutely uncaring his supporters are. 

Even more so the cops absolutely should have done something, but considering how Pigs are these days, I'm not at all surprised they let it happen.

Trumpsters are either cheering this on or refusing to take any responsibility and claiming it was the Biden campaign's fault

Those Trump supporters are going to be really upset come Wednesday

Imagine being willing to get criminal charges, risk your life, and the life of others all to appease a cult leader who couldn't care less about you.

My friend's dad, who used to be conservative but not insane, posted on Twitter (neither of them knows that I found it/I don't follow it or like posts or anything) that this was only a problem for snowflakes. WTF WTF. Trump has broken him.

I was born and raised in Texas. I have lived here all of my life. I'm disgusted by this. These are un-American and un-Texan tactics. What a bunch of lunatics.

The fact that these crazies are so beholden to Donald Trump, of all people, that they would pull this kind of shit boggles the mind.

Isn’t this domestic terrorism?

There’s even a video too!!!

Are you sufficiently angry enough to do something other than post here? 300,000 Az voters did not return their ballot for early voting. Volunteers are calling them tomorrow (Sunday) and need help with this and other phone campaigns to ensure Dems know they can still vote, request a ride, etc.  Go to swingleft.org NOW and sign up, please! It's rewarding and you are helping Dems vote. Thank you 🙏

Edit to say you can call from anywhere. Training (and moral support) provided 😊

Imagine the stream of never ending Retardlican tears if something like this was done to the Trump campaign.

Imagine explaining that one to your insurance

No surprise r/ conservative is blaming Biden for this

Republicans have made america a real shit hole country. Way to go, cultists.

White people charged with terrorism? In the US of A? Not going to happen. I mean Kyle Rittenhouse literally showed up to a protest and starting shooting people and conservatives were lauding him as an upstanding citizen.

Is there a second video?

The one I saw showed the white car continuously crossing the line into the truck.  But it didn’t show the actual contact.

You need h-town slabs to escort, those spokes shall keep the jerks away

I'm legitimately confused. What am I looking at?

Totally NOT a cult or domestic terrorism...

100% domestic terrorism. If the conman in chief wasn’t in support of it, it would be labeled as such immediately.

Here is a link of a girl from Tik Tok saying same dude almost ran them over during a BLM protest 

https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJuLLbH5/

Trumpsters are complete morons, literally putting fellow American's lifes at risk to spread their moronic ideals. They praise Trump like he's a God when in fact he's the least patriotic president in history. Don't confuse nationalism with patriotism, a true patriot will see beyond political affiliation and see how truly incapable this man is.

Ya’ll Qeada hard at work, and Mad Max Trump is encouraging them... we are truly living in Idiocracy

In my town in NC the Trump supporters came out and terrorized the BLM protest I was at. Their tactics were very similar to this and equally terrifying. I'm so scared for Election Day. If/when they lose they're not going to just go away quietly.

Everyday I wake up and wonder what did America do while I was sleeping?

I'm just eagerly awaiting the premiere of Ow! My Balls. That's all that's needed to complete 2020.

Forgot, what I think, is the best part. 

“My son, **like a lot of people you know at home**, had a drug problem,”

Even in that brutal, gross, malignant onslaught of venom and acid thrown at his own son, Joe also stood up for all of us who have ever known anyone that has had a problem with drugs. 

Not just his own son. He stood up for all of us.

And that fucking creep pretends to pay lip service to the opioid epidemic. And his voters eat it up, like tough talking at chemicals and shaming the addicted will solve the problem.

That exchange was so interesting because it simply didn’t occur to Trump that Joe Biden actually *loves* his own son, and is *not* going to be ashamed of his son for being human and messing up, which *we all do.*. Trump thought he could throw Biden off when it was completely the reverse.  

Trump doesn’t understand loving someone, and he’s ashamed of his own namesake who is just a completely tragic and pathetic guy.  When someone mentions *my* children, it fortifies me because I remember that I have to make them proud of me.  They don’t have to be perfect, because I love them unconditionally.  Donald Trump is just such a completely messed up human, and when I see people who admire him, I really question what in the ever-loving heck is going on with *them.*

He's such a classy, decent guy. It's truly refreshing.

That made me wanna cry as a man. How low does Trump have to stoop to be talking shit about biden's son instead of outlining his policies for the next term.

This is the Joe I have so greatly admired for years. You can’t fake this kind of integrity, loyalty and love of your family. It will be such a great day when I have the privilege of voting him.

And he looked right into the camera to say it. I felt that.

Because Biden is a real man.

Not the cowardly machismo "masculinity" that Trump and his supporters flaunt.

Me too! I used to suffer from drug addiction and every time I would mess up my dad would always say that he can’t believe how much money he’s wasted on me to get better. Been sober for 6 months now and the funny thing is that when I started taking my own advice instead of what others thought was best for me based on “studies” I found it less and less tempting to use drugs. Don’t take my word for it, use your discretion, everyone’s situation is different. Not trying to tell a sob story, just reiterating what Joe said. He should be the prime example for any father who’s son is suffering from drug addiction!

Luckily for all of us, that was the end of it. So many politicians get completely derailed by personal mud-slings like this. And in this debate, it would've made the mess even bigger. 

The American people are hurting, and afraid, and angry. They need answers to these crises we face. They need to know that next year will be better than this one. They need to know that whichever one of these old men becomes president, that there will be better days ahead. 

That's the focus here. Not Hunter Biden or Trump's kids.

My name is Hunter. I am a recovering drug addict and that shit had me in tears.

Joe isn’t a policy wonk like Hillary or a phenomenal orator like Obama. He’s a human being. That’s why I voted for him

highlight for me was, "**I'm talking about my son BEAU BIDEN**"

Trump is a piece of shit, his older brother died of Alcoholism and he still went for that low blow. Trump has no empathy and is totally disconnected from the problems of ordinary Americans.

My favorite quality about Biden is how ***human*** he is. Simply put, he does not put up a callous front. Despite spending the past 5 decades serving as a politician he does not seem hardened. He loves his family and country and seems to possess a great deal of empathy...I do not believe the same can be said for 45.

Same. As a closet addict myself it actually gave me some hope for myself

This was the moment Trump lost and Biden won. 

The white supremacy thing is a bit of a moment, but Trump has denounced several white supremacy groups in the past and his supporters who aren't white supremacists will point to that, and the ones who are, well they got a massive boon when he supported them.

Almost every parent has a child that they are proud of despite something, whether it is drugs or bad grades or a disability. They will see Biden as a parent and will flock to him.

Not a huge Biden fan, not a huge trump fan either. When trump attacked his son and he stood up for him, he made me a Biden fan.

This hit home with me.  Having a loved one that has overcome addiction can be summed up in Biden's one word...Proud.  Anyone that doesn't get that can just "shut up."

Honestly sort of changed my opinion of Biden.  That was a very powerful and touching moment.

Virtually everyone knows at least one friend of family member that has been touched by the opioid epidemic alone, not to mention all sorts of other addictions. When trump went after that, he struck a nerve deep inside anyone who has ever had a loved one go down that path. Biden responded with what was probably the most genuine display of pride and passion that I have ever seen in American politics. I'm amazed it's not being talked about even more than it already is. That was huge.

Same here.

I also did when he told the camera everything would be okay. Like I tested up at that. I looked at my roommate and said, “That felt like my dad just woke me up from an awful nightmare and is trying to calm me back to sleep.”

Whereas Trump's fatherly pride consists of how much he'd like to bang his daughter.

That’s not a man tone. That’s a dad tone. Sadly Trump can’t do either

My mom voted Trump last time. That statement is one of the reasons she switched to biden this time round

I’m a former heroin addict. This moment made me cry. I’ve been a big Harris fan for a while now but only recently really started educating myself about Joe so I can help get the vote out. Hearing him refuse to engage in shaming addiction is all I need to know about his character. I’m all in.

It's not the only step, but it is the FIRST step. If you're an American, make sure your voice is heard by voting on or before November 3rd 2020.

[Register to vote](https://www.turbovote.org) here (2 mins)

[Check registration status](https://www.headcount.org/verify-voter-registration/) here (60 secs)

It's your vote. IT'S YOURS.

As someone who has struggled with addiction his whole life and am constantly working on myself to overcome it; this spoke to me. 

My girlfriend squeezed my hand and put her head on my shoulder when he said this. 

Biden is not the perfect candidate by any means (in my opinion), but he is a class act and I really hope that he gets promoted from VP to POTUS in a month.

It was also a moment Joe just got fed up with the interruptions and put his foot down. I was surprised and at the end the way he said he was proud of his son just straight ended that convo. I liked that moment

Meanwhile Don Jr and Eric on the side doing lines of coke.

Honestly when he was talking about beau and trying not to start yelling you could really see the sadness. It was heartbreaking to see Trump have so much disrespect for a passed family member. Idk that shit makes me sad just thinking about it.

It’s interesting to have seen this post. I’ve been on the fence about who to vote for and after watching the debate this interaction was literally the only thing that felt real and honest and now I guess I’m voting for Biden. He stood up for his family in a genuine way and I still don’t really care for him as a politician but I do respect him as a father. Our country needs a father right now.

I am a registered republican and I was blown away by that. That was tucking amazing

Trump can be proud of his kids also. They are just as arrogant, stupid, and absolutely clueless. Just like him.

Best moment of the evening. It was so nice to see some honest empathy and love coming from a President(ial candidate) again

Turning point of the debate right there.

As a former drug addict, Biden sticking up for his son reminds me so much of my dad when he used to stick up for me. Brought a tear to my eye. I miss you dad! I can only imagine how horrified he would have been seeing Trump attack Biden’s son like this.. disgusting & immature. Please vote everyone.

That sealed in my love for the guy. 

I didn’t like him at first, but then the more I learned about the type of man he is I started to realize that maybe I was wrong and was hard on him for no reason. 

And then this moment made me love him.

I now know exactly what Leslie Knope sees in him

Just like Ted Cruz stood up for his wife. Oh, wait...

The tan outline on the wall and the bleach bottle with a straw are nice touches.

Please no awards!!!

Please donate all microtransactions to the Georgia Senate races!!!


Georgia = Universal Healthcare 


https://reddit.com/r/JoeBiden/comments/jqoca5/for_the_next_45_days_please_dont_give_reddit/

this is my low key theory why republicans call us communists. They trash the economy and we have to do the heavy lifting government bail out stuff. but since the government is getting involved and doing things people don't necessarily like.... like raising taxes to avoid mass inflation.

The spray tan stain! LOL!

While I am ecstatic that Joe Biden won, I cannot imagine the economic mess he is left to clean up with. The GOP will still find excuses to blame Biden. The sacred White House will have to go through some sort of disinfection process of the place and purification of its soul.

Took me a minute to notice little Donnie being dragged out through the window lmao.

Sigh.

And get ready for all the 'the recovery is too slow' yells from the right.

As usual Republican presidents have left a mess for a Democrat president to clean up. 2008 Great Recession, 2020 Great fuckery of all kinds

Joe’s done it before

Maybe he was destined to loose? Hardcover Christians seem to pitch he was sent by God to be in office. How does it not hit them that making him an idol had him removed 🤦‍♀️🤷‍♀️

NEVER forget who his supporters were. They will now become a basement cult. Make a list.

>They drove our economy into a ditch.

>And we got in there and put on our boots and we pushed and we shoved.

>And we were sweating and these guys were standing, watching us and sipping on a Slurpee. 

>And they were pointing at us saying, how come you’re not pushing harder, how come you’re not pushing faster?

>And then when we finally got the car up -- and it’s got a few dings and a few dents, it’s got some mud on it, we’re going to have to do some work on it -- they point to everybody and say, look what these guys did to your car. 

>After we got it out of the ditch!  And then they got the nerve to ask for the keys back!

>I don’t want to give them the keys back.

>They don’t know how to drive.  

-Obama

 Whose body is under the rug? And whose frilly pink panties on the floor?

So many questions...

I like him being dragged away in background

Trump is such a todler that i dont doubt he would trash the oval office

we can't keep making this mistake.

We're gonna need like 5 Democrat presidents in a row to clean this shit up

And then the right will blame Biden for the mess Trump created.

All that mess and not a single facemask to be found

The task Joe has in front of him is probably the most daunting a president has faced in well over a century.

I love how each piece of trash symbolizes something or just highlights something from Trump and his presidency

I don't see any McDonald's wrappers. This is unrealistic.

Appreciate the signature is not the easiest to read but wanted to make sure credit was given:

This cartoon appeared in today's (9th November) edition of the 'The Times', and was by Morten Morland:

Twitter: @MortenMorland
http://morlandcartoon.co.uk/

Prints are available here:

https://times.newsprints.co.uk/

We need Ben Garrison to label everything.

The longer you look the better / worse it gets

*Chef's Kiss* This cartoon is perfect - like a *Where's Waldo* of Trump's shitty administration.

If the GA runoff goes the Dems' way, the cleanup will be much easier.

no more big mac splurges, the DC McDonald's is gonna be pissed

They forgot the Sharpie stains all over as well. Maybe rolls of paper towels will clean it up, let's toss him some.

I love the spray tan outline on the wall and what appears to be a dead body under the carpet on the right.

Oh it’s going to be an even bigger mess that accumulates between now and Jan 20.

No cleaner  will remove that Trump stain on America.

Not enough piss.

Just noticed the lump of stuff "swept under the rug" on the right side lol

Trump being dragged away is a nice touch too

Notice on the right the bulge of the rug, hinting things Donny swept under the rug.

Forgot the choochoo train set.

And the moment Biden takes office, everything wrong will immediately be blamed on Democrats.  By the time the country is put back on the road to recovery again, a Republican will be elected who will immediately take all credit.  It's the circle of shit.

Just declare Trump's presidency illegal, and void everything he did.

I'm missing the bean cans though

Imagine picking a Twitter fight with a 16 year old.

You'd think the President would have better things to do with his time, as opposed to insulting a 16 year old on Twitter.

ATTENTION GEORGIA VOTERS! If you voted absentee check the status of your ballot NOW!

If it was REJECTED...you have until 5pm on FRIDAY 11/6 to fix it.

[https://georgia.ballottrax.net/voter/](https://georgia.ballottrax.net/voter/)

..

ATTENTION NEVADA VOTERS! If you voted absentee check the status of your ballot NOW!

If it was REJECTED...you have until THURSDAY 11/12 to fix it.

[https://nevada.ballottrax.net/voter/](https://nevada.ballottrax.net/voter/)

..

ATTENTION ARIZONA VOTERS! If you voted absentee check the status of your ballot NOW!

If it was REJECTED...you have until TUESDAY 11/10 to fix it.

[https://my.arizona.vote/AbsenteeTracker.aspx](https://my.arizona.vote/AbsenteeTracker.aspx)

[Source](https://twitter.com/marceelias/status/1324363535246368768?s=)

I wonder how long she was waiting to spring that one on his diapered ass 🤔😆

When a 17-year-old is more mature than a 74-year-old leader of a country (loosely).

Imagne being so insecure you a rich, powerful 60 something year old pick on a literal child from a different country.

Most of donny's tweets bite him back...kinda impressive...

That’s a good comeback

I enjoy that she's been waiting almost a year to land that one. Perfect.

How the turntables

That one was served cold lol

my queen

She and AOC got Twitter game that he couldn’t even dream of.

[That's a Thunburn.](https://i.imgur.com/od0SgIF.gif?noredirect)

Greta: ohhh yaa it pay back time

It's delicious

Love it

love this, but does Trump have any friends left at this point?

The entire world is invested in this election

How the tables have turned...

Sweeeeeden!

Absolutely based

Outstanding!

r/MurderedByWords

My god what a disgusting and traumatizing thing to do to a teenage girl.

And the funny thing is some Trump supporters didn’t get that it was Trump’s original words and bashed her for the way she said it.

I didn't realize her tweet was a parody of a Trump tweet. I was wondering why it was getting so much attention lol

Greta patiently waiting in the weeds for trump.

That was delectable

LMAO I LOVE THIS

Lmao, that was amazing.

Can't believe that 74 yearas old is president of USA mocked  17 years old girl. He need to get jail by FBI.

Only old, white men are allowed to get mad. Anyone else and they are simply acting hysterical.

/s

Is trumpy wumpy sad because his words were used against him? What a shame lol

"You need to learn some manners" one of the replies to Greta's tweet...

Burn.......!!!!!

You’ve got to admire someone at her age who won’t be intimidated by the President of the United States. Good for her. You go girl.

This is too delicious.

Backfired hard.

greta i can’t hear you, stop dropping mics

Can someone hire her just to follow Donald around and taunt him? Her trump troll game is strong.

That girl's gonna go far. I wish I could invest in people like you can with the stock market. I'd buy $20 of Greta stock and retire in 20 years when my shares are worth a cool million because she's so badass and successful.

Bro I love how the middle aged conservatives are still pissed at a 17 year old

I love this please tell me it’s real

I love that she used the same format, improper grammar and all.

ATTENTION GEORGIA, ARIZONA, and NEVADA VOTERS! If you voted absentee check the status of your ballot NOW!

If it was REJECTED...you have until 5pm on FRIDAY 11/6 to fix it.

https://georgia.ballottrax.net/voter/

..

ATTENTION NEVADA VOTERS! If you voted absentee check the status of your ballot NOW!

If it was REJECTED...you have until THURSDAY 11/12 to fix it.

https://nevada.ballottrax.net/voter/

..

ATTENTION ARIZONA VOTERS! If you voted absentee check the status of your ballot NOW!

If it was REJECTED...you have until TUESDAY 11/10 to fix it.

https://my.arizona.vote/AbsenteeTracker.aspx

Joe and Kamala have been nothing but graceful during this transition. It's such a nice break from all the chaos.

Clinton conceded the next morning.  She attended Trump's inauguration.  But they use the completely legitimate investigation into Russia's confirmed interference in the election to claim that she never conceded.  So tired of this post-truth world.

I want my Biden Memes back!

"Uh..Mike...you've got a fly on your head"

"Yeah..I know"

I love that Biden left the whitehouse as VP and is coming back as President. Move Pence. Get out the way.

Look at the body language. Pence is unable to connect, and Joe is.

Such hypocritical assholes. God I hate Trump so fucking much.

And Pence ran away and hid.  Fucking coward.

Somebody tweet this to Pence.

Trump and the GOP really are pathetic. I'm actually more ashamed of the GOP than Trump. Trump is a fool, he's a narcissist, we knew this was coming from Trump and expected it, but the GOP, they should know better. As if we needed reminding how spineless and callous they are. Just as pathetic as rushing through a Supreme Court nomination a week before an election they knew they were going to lose their mandate, so as not to have Trump in the same lame duck scenario as the Obama excuse they used to block his appointment, doing so instead of putting pandemic relief on the agenda for the millions of Americans that need it, they're now actively participating in the undermining of the most sacred fabric of American society, democracy, all to pander to a tyrant out of cowardice of retribution. I can't think of anything less patriotic. A disgrace, a sad and pathetic collection of weasels.

I’m really glad that Biden is the one in charge. Since he was just there four years ago, he already knows everything that someone new would be learning. He already has the connections/relationships. He doesn’t need anyone to help him transition.

That’s probably what Trump is afraid of.  Biden will figure out right away how much Trump screwed up.

Pence's body language.

I thought Pence was taller. Maybe it's just from him always standing next to totally-not-obese-because-he's-absolutely-6'3"-he-got-a-doctor-from-the-muppets-to-say-so trump.

I bet Pence smells like band aids.

This is why you don't "go high" with the GOP, they see it as weakness.

I first glanced at this thinking Pence actually met with him 😔

Pence interestingly enough hasnt been publically seen. Apparently Giuliani wanted him to appear with him and Eric in Philly last weekend but he said no.


The guy was trying to go in vacation with Mother while Trump is flailing and screaming. Pence knows this is over.

The fact that we even have to discuss a peaceful transition of power is enough to know something is terribly wrong with the United States

Smooth transition? Never heard of her

This feels like so much longer than 4 years...

This is the crux of the problems. It's not BoTH SiDeS! Its Republicans. They fight nasty, they fight dirty, and they are tactical in how they seize power. Democrats and proper and predictable. Take the gloves off, Joe. These asshats arent even acknowledging the biggest voter turnout for a presidential winner ever. They act like it's a nail biter. They are being tactical about it.

Pence can't return the favor because he can't be in a room with Harris alone.

Pence doesn’t even deserve to share a room with paintings of true, great Patriots who served as VP like Jefferson/Adams on the wall

Tired of the Trump administration since day 1

Don't worry.... Donald Trump Jr will come in, with his degree from University of Pennsylvania, a shockingly easy school to get into, claim it is from Wharton Business School, claim some dumbshit, just like his father did. 

There is a reason no one in the business community respects these clowns. They know they are all idiots.

It is commendable how gracious Obama and Biden were in the transition despite Trump getting his political start on the racist lie that was birtherism.

And then for Trump to not acknowledge that Biden won the election is incredibly petty, immoral, and dangerous. It speaks to his low character, which is well known by everyone at this point.

Pence is probably hating the visuals of this pic.  He is being sonned by Biden here.

Joe is going to be, a great man

Anybody else notice that Biden wasn’t the 44th vp?

History will not be kind to Pence and camp. Very shameful and disgusting behavior.

Republicans hate your America and it shows.

Joe, make sure you wash your hands after handling piles of shit. Keep that in mind come January 20th.

And he calls himself a man of God. More like a bunch of petty criminals doing their best to destroy our way of life for their own personal goals.

I remember when Obama invited Trump to the White House for the transition. How defeated must Obama have felt handing the keys to his biggest opp but he did it anyways because that’s the right thing to do. Trump is so childish it’s unbelievable (but tbh for Joe’s sake I hope Trump doesn’t invite him because being in the White House right now is basically a COVID fly trap)

The hypocrisy of Donald trumps presidency knows no bounds

November 10th

r/bidenpraisesbiden

I think FlyLo is the best station just sayin

It bothers me that the archive Twitter handle is “@vp44” because the 44th Vice President was Dan Quayle. Biden was the 47th Vice President.

So respectful.

Before I read the caption, it looked like Joe Biden congratulating himself lol

When they go low, we go high

Where's that little b*tch now?

Remember “2 scoops”?

The Social Dilemma was such a crock of shit. I watch conservative pro trump videos and all my social media feeds just push more and more liberal democrat bullshit.

Remember the piss dossier, that unverifiably claimed that Trump was pissed on by Russian hooker?  All over the media.

Evidence relating to crack-smoking, kid-fucking (potentially), back-door corrupt deals involving Hunter and Joe form an actual, physical laptop that can be checked out..... The media claims it's "UnVeRiFiAbLe" and supresses all related news, including banning a social media account of one of the oldest news organisations in the US (NY Post) for breaking the story.

Trump in office has literally been a turning point in history where the media (and alot of Democrats) were unmasked for the corrupt, machiavellian and evil forces that they are... and now the masses who are willing to look can see them for what they are.

Oh, and the deep state, you fucking politically motivated actors in high ranking governemt roles who outlive numerous administrations and throw wrenches in the cogs of some elected administrations you don't like.... now we see you too.

Election interference.

Ketchup on steak is big cringe, but I’d die for his right to big cringe. Trump 2020

Ok lets not joke about ketchup on steak plz

Uummmmmm....

Biden Center is being sued for taking $20,000,000 improperly from China THIS YEAR IN JANUARY.

But it happened in Philly so nobody knows or cares I guess.

More current than Hunter's laptop. More damning too since there is a university involved and a real law suit.

Someone should start a Uighurs for Trump group just to prove a point.

It's strange that there is even 1 adult American who doesn't see the obvious for 4 years straight and yet there are 10's of millions. It must be a deliberate choice to favor fiction over reality because surely this many people can't be that dumb, right? It has to be an illness and TDS is obviously quite real. MAGA

Ketchup on steak is a big deal for Trump with the media, but M&Ms on a Biden's dick is just a fart in the wind if you ask CNN.

Ketchup is presidential and commendable! 

Remember when Obama asked for Dijon mustard and used a selfie stick?  Of course not, mainstream media wants you to forget!  

Fox News held that hack accountable.  When you go to vote, remember - Ketchup is red as in “Red White and Blue.”  Dijon mustard is yellow and French - both represent COWARDS.  

God bless America.

Things that make you go "Hmmmmmm"

Removing the "almost as if" and the statement is true!

Exactly this!

Ketchup on steak should put him in jail especially when he gets it cooked well done. I think even trump supporters would agree with me

Truth.

TRUMP 2020🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷

Umm what about the brown suit

The Hill just endorsed trump

Wasn’t it shown to be a farce?

Groups like the Lincoln Project and Vox are literally blowing gaskets about Trump's "Joe's shot" quote.  Meanwhile, absolute silence about Tony Bobulinski.

Search for Hunter Biden on Google, and then on duckduckgo. Hmmm

It’s almost as if trump is a knob grad who keeps getting him self in trouble 🧐

Cough cough, Cambridge Analytica ,cough cough

Tbh ketchup on steak does suck ass though

Funny how this whole “email conspiracy” from Hillary to Hunter has no substantiated facts and is so upsetting to Trumptards but the very substantiated facts that their demigod is a known racist, adulterous, cheating, tax evading, piece of human dog shit is completely fine. In my opinion Joe Pesci said it best “Go fuck your mother.”

Or maybe...juuusstt maybe... Trump is a fucking clown with zero redeeming qualities as an individual.

Nah, must be a conspiracy 🙄

Almost self aware

I really don't understand why all the big tech giants, literally all of them, are so liberal.

Is it because all of America's top engineers and tech CEOs are highly educated amd progressive?

Imagine if he wore a mustard colored suit?

They'd lose their minds!!

anybody care about the double standard here? or is it only an issue when its the opposite party

Oh sweetie

Biden 2020 blue wave!

Flies are attracted to what flies are attracted to

Because it's fake..

Time to shit or get off the pot!!! COME ON, TIME IS RUNNING OUT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!!!!

What is the plan? It's time to do something or go home!

President Trump won the election on November 3rd, 2020 and Democrats have been trying to steal it ever since. No one honestly believes late batches of ballots tallying over 100,000 had 0 voters for Trump. We must get to the bottom of this fraud for the sake of America! #KAG2020

Trust the plan, we all knew this was going to happen. All these videos going around online of fraud is either fake(old videos) or real. No one really knows, let it go to court and Trump will expose them all. Big Tech can sensor all of us but Trump already has everything.

Not conclusive in and of themselves (except the batches of 100% Biden ballots - THAT is absolutely blatant fraud and there's no way to spin that or plausibly explain it).  

But, as the saying goes, where there's smoke...  

Or to look at it another way, Trump was literally impeached for less than this.

Undeniable proof is needed or all tweets and comments will be speculations.

And it's going to work.  Nothing will change and we go back to the dark ages. 

Time for some serious changes to how civil we as conservatives should be.

Seems to me that there are a lot more in on this thing than we can imagine. Im sure it goes far and wide where trump may not even be able to reach. It almost seems like an inner government conspiracy against Trump where even his own party may be involved.

This paints a very clear picture.

You'll never convince me that a candidate who struggled to get 50 people to his 1 daily rally beat an incumbent with 25k+ people at 5 rallies every day.

It's almost like some republicans didn't like trump but still votes GOP. Why would dems rig the election and not take the senate.

Don Jr's Twitter has been cyptic as shit lately. Does he know something we don't?

Caught blue-handed!  FUCKING COMMIES!! Trump will ALWAYS WIN!!!

There’s too much dodgy shit for anyone who’s looking at this. Even if it’s all disproven, it’s worth investigating.

don't count chickens before they hatch. they ought to do a total recount when allllllll the ballots are in. imo any ballot arriving after the 3rd should not have been counted, or just maybe a different time but this stringing along is madness. yes every vote counts but a deadline is a deadline

Then dont quit.  Dont give up. . .keep fighting and prove what we all know to be true!  Expose the fraud

Trump.

So what about the ballots that were supposedly marked with sharpie and then marked with pen after the ballot was turned in?  Wouldn't they still be there and still marked obviously with two writing utensils?

Republicans are on track to flip 13 house seats. Democrats are on track to flip 3. All in Georgia and North Carolina, not crazy flips, but extremely odd how it happens in these swing states. Also, if Trump is looking for foul play in PA, I don’t think it’s in Philadelphia(maybe some). But the only county in the entire state to have a lower percentage of Trump votes than percentage of registered Republicans is Delaware county. I live there and there is no way Trump did not get a large showing of voters for him on Election Day. There were lines at almost every polling place all day. If you compare this county and other Philly suburbs to any other non-swing-state suburb county, it’s is extremely out of place and irregular. You just can’t ignore the irregularity of trends in democrat controlled areas of swing states compared to the comparable trends in any other state.

I fear that all of these glaring statistical anomalies will be completely ignored because the Left and the msm have spent the past 4 years completely deriding Trump and his supporters as conspiracy wackos.

Multiple smoking guns will be memory holed just to get rid of Trump. It's a scary precedent

The only other possibility is election meddling.  Woke capital dumped shit tons of money into those cities.  Not just campaign ads, but staffers that distributed and harvested ballots.  Remember the Veritas video of the woman selling votes?  Imagine an army of people like that with Google dollars.  Those election purchasing dollars would be spent strategically and that means swing states.

Landslide 😂🥴😂😑

I'm surprised don jr can spell statistical

It's almost like they can tolerate the senators but can't stand the corrupt dick bag trump who is responsible for 2 x September 11 per week due to covid deaths

 Clearly he can't accept the lost (i'm not American)

The truth is trump told his supporters mail in ballots were corrupt so not many trump supporters used mail ins. I’m sure I said 80% of republicans said they wouldn’t vote by mail. This while dems around 80% would vote by mail saw Biden get most mail in ballots it’s hardly surprising in fact it was predicted that exactly this would happen months ago so I don’t see why anyone’s shocked. Trumps votes went up as wel when mailins were counted but just not as much as bidens for the previously mentioned reasons. “It is what it is”.

just curious here, why would the fraud apply only to biden and not senate races? wouldn’t dems want fraud to work in their favor all over the ballot? can’t get anything done as president if the senate is against you.

I never thought id see the day that a social media platform outright censors a sitting President. I would like for the platform to be canceled.

There are voters who like their Senators/Congressmembers and not Trump. There are voters who like their Senators and Congressmembers and not Biden. It's not suspicious at all.

demorats: oh shit, we forgot to print ballots for ourselves

Y’all sound like you skipped high school basic US Gov’t 101.

People hate your father. Get over it.

Just keep cherry picking your stats. Biden well underperformed the democrat in the senate race in arizona. I mean that is a swing state, is it not?

No, this just proves some people who voted Republican in the senate and house races decided to vote Biden for president. Everyone knew prior to the election that there were going to be voters that would do such a thing due to Trump’s rhetoric.  

Biden also outperformed Hillary in many counties.

Why would the cheating have allowed the GOP to keep the Senate?

i don’t think he measured context or situation tbh ... prob bought his passing grade for Stats anyways 

but yes it’s very possible ... states don’t keep super accurate voter registration rolls (though they should be but there has never been oversight) ... they are accurate but flawed 

now coupled with how much energy and money spent on new voter registration was by all parties this year 2020, this is the result

damn, you really triggered the marxists with this one.

This is all democrats are about now. Censor the truth and try to change the rules to win elections.

Its true. If their ideology was so robust, surely they could entertain opposing viewpoints. They believe wokeness to be the answer, but it has become a religion. Questioning it is a sin, and like the Holy Roman/Spanish Empire, anyone who espouses alternative beliefs is attacked.

Of course. That's their motus operandi.

But true Socialist governments don't have to worry about censoring people.  They just kill the political opposition.  Then everyone is too afraid to say anything that otherwise might need to be censored.

G’damn. Spoken so clearly.

Big Tech will claim that algorithm isn't perfect, that it was a mistake.   We mustn't CANNOT let them get away with this any more.  This was NO ACCIDENT!!!!

I get nauseous seeing all these indoctrinated lefties commenting here

So true!!

You know what? I'm in a good mood today. I'll bite.

----------

The archetypical example of unprotected speech is "Yelling 'FIRE!' in a crowded theater". This speech is unprotected because it is *disinformation that may directly lead to other people taking action that causes people to be injured or even killed*. The person shouting "FIRE!" may be doing nothing more than speaking, they may not be participating in the ensuing evacuation, they may not even be lying (it may be that they honestly believe that the theater is on fire). However, due to the harmful effect their words may have on others, this speech is prohibited.

Now let's go over a simple example of how this kind of speech may show up in another form.

Lets posit a person who says, "The reptilians have secretly taken over the US Postal Service and they are going to attack the country with chemical weapons if we don't stop them". Now, we live in a time where any nutjob can upload their delusional conspiracy rant onto youtube and gain a following of people who sincerely believe them. It's a very real possibility that their words may inspire one of their viewers to attack the "reptilians in disguise" at the post office. That means that this statement is *disinformation that may directly lead to other people taking action that causes people to be injured or even killed*. I ask you: Does this example differ fundamentally from the former? Is this not another scenario where the best option is to stop the spread of this misinformation before someone gets injured or killed because of it?

Finally, lets go over a direct example. A statement in the same form as the previous example, but that isn't something silly I made up.

Lets posit a person who says, "The muslims are invading America and trying to take over the government so they can force us to follow Sharia law". This is a sentiment expressed so often, by so many people, that I wouldn't be surprised at all if somebody has actually said the exact words I just typed. It is a sentiment that has, factually, led to individuals taking what they are convinced is necessary action. Although it did not happen in America, the Christchurch shooting is an example that immediately comes to mind of someone being so convinced by the rhetoric of Muslims having some nefarious goal in practicing their religion and/or immigrating to the west that they commit a brutal act of mass murder against innocent people. This is, once again, *disinformation that may directly lead to other people taking action that causes people to be injured or even killed*. As such, I'll ask once more: Does this example differ fundamentally from the others? Is this not another scenario where the best option is to stop the spread of this misinformation before *more people* get injured or killed because of it?

----------

In all honesty, I don't believe I'll convince anybody with this, but I hope that, at the very least, it gives some of you a better idea of how some people come to disagree with you on the subject of silencing certain statements. 

Additionally, just a note, we all know that political discussion can get *exhausting*, so please understand that I may not reply to replies on this comment. I'm just not always up to it. Have a pleasant day.

This is so ironic I literally just came to this sub because of this https://ibb.co/album/WkG1Bw

RIGHT ON!

Ah yes, leftists like Facebook and Twitter. Because if there's one thing leftists love, it's corporations.

FAKE NEWS

Not reading your shit again. Scientists don't disagree. I'm talking about stats door. Not your stupid propaganda opinion. You ducking troll. There was 60.8 million swine flue cases but fuck. Obama didn't handle it correctly. Until you come at with sense I will not talk to  good bye I can't stupid people let alone trolls. Go get the facts.

Said every Conservative “Christian” who wants to impose the Bible’s dogma on all Americans through the Supreme Court.

isnt that literally what you guys do? (watch tjis comment get deleted)

Nobody needs their points protected from Donald Trump supporters.

This is like asking someone shitting in your house to leave your property, and then that person screams and whines about their opinion being weak because you can’t “handle” theirs lmfao

Trumpsuckers: "Shutting down Trump's Fake News is CENSORSHIP."

Also Trumpsuckers: "Defund universities because literate people aren't Conservative."

What if you’re just tired of folks’ shit?

I’m anti trump (anc conservative in general) but I agree

If you constantly have to say that everything that isn't comming from your party is fake, then maybe it's time to open yourself up to other opinions. But what would I know I'm not part of the cult.

*Edit
Aw thanks guys. Not only do I feel welcomed hut I've been granted an awesome new flair. Never had one before so thank you!

3 weeks left until you guys have to crawl back under the rock you should have never left in the first place

I like how the right wing subs are super salt. Just leave and make your own reddit. With black jack....and hookers. In fact, forget the new app entirely and finally get laid. 😂

["... he has suggested that Americans boycott AT&T as a way of punishing CNN, a network he views as his nemesis. He’s even been to known to share images that could encourage violence against CNN employees, such as a meme of him with a bloodied CNN logo on the bottom of his shoe."](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2019/06/04/trump-keeps-threatening-freedom-speech/)

Edit: why am I being downvoted? I thought this post was about standing against censorship.

Trump smells like poo. You're all a bunch of lemmings. Wake up and smell the napalm.

Holy fucking shit, TRUMP supporters think that Democrats suppress free speech more than him????? Holy shit you really are fucking dumb.

Lol, funny to hear that from the most ban-happy group on reddit

Wow another trump subreddit? Can't keep the dumb-dumbs down can we? Guess we'll just ban this one too lmao.

Doesn't trumb threaten to sue a lot when people say things about him he doest like?

Is this satire?

Biden 2020

Boy it sure is a good thing Trump didn't do this and always tells the truth, right?... haha right guys? Guys?

Shadowbans happen here the exact same way though.

Ahh I see that the_donald 2 electric boogaloo is back

Wonder how long its gonna take for this sub to get banned lmao

Deport all Democrats! 🤣

As a Cuban republican... I fuckin hate these people. Holy shit. Sorry I don’t belong to the LaTiNx hive mind

They spread hate like wildfire

&#x200B;

the irony

But their president-elect wants them to “unite” with us. Forget the 4 years and still ongoing of negativity and accusations they threw at conservatives.

My mom is Cuban and she loves Donald Trump. She’s and the rest of my Cuban family are sad about this potential loss. Fuck Biden and fuck communism

It's selective. Just like with BLM. Only black LEFTIST lives matter apparently.

As a Cuban republican, HOW THE FUCK can they represent this? Are they uneducated or that blind to not see communism headed our way

Edit: i have more to say. Don’t these people know what Cubans went through in the past. My grandpa escaped cuba and brought my dad here to live a life of freedom! I was taught all my life to appreciate the fact that we live in a free country! I love America and these people just want to destroy it.

My family came here as political refugees from Cuba when Castro was still alive and they're all Trump supporters because they know how quickly socialism turns into communism. The left is disgusting.

Trolls

Nothing will get better under Biden.  The Latino community, the Black community, the Asian communities will all face big government.  There will be higher taxes, there will be stricter regulations, and there will be less profit.

The big government isn't here to help you.  There won't be free health care, there won't be a basic income.  It will be the same as we had the last 4 years except you will pay more for it.  Congratulations.

Deporting illegal aliens is xenophobia, but deporting American citizens who came from Cuba is just fine if they voted Republican.

Because fuck having any principles whatsoever, amirite? Nothing matters except the political power struggle to Leftists.

Long Live the Miami Cubans, twice their vote was the reason Trump won Florida. They love America, Capitalism, freedom of religion and hate socialism and liberal hand it to me losers. And some of them females are smoking hot to, and are mean cooks ;)

People escaped communism to live freely and safely in USA. They had no choice. Now some motherfuckers want to bring communism to their second home.

The hypocrisy of the left is astonishing

Nice to know I’m no longer hispanic according to Democrats. Cuba is a melting pot and many Cubans are of mixed races many of whom are not white. We don’t side with Democrats because our families saw first hand what the promises of utopian socialism lead to. The government seizing your land for the state, work camps, food rations, limited medical supplies.. everything America is not. Cubans love America and we stand with TRUMP! 🇺🇸

Cubans came here to escape socialism and don’t want for it, fuck them, right?

That dude is argentinian, I believe. In which case I’d like to apologise for his behaviour, not all argentinians are like that, some of us are based and redpilled.

As a Mexican, they're a joke.

Isn’t this photoshoped . See the too left corner? I call bs.

i like to disagree, i as a trump supporter, i am a Latino

You think you're making a point but you're not.

Its insane how there’s a huge increase of hate and racism towards Cubans all of a sudden.

I’m a Cuban. Yes we vote republican, the Republicans actually represent us. Trump has done great for us. 🇨🇺🇨🇺🇨🇺

You guys fell for a very bad photoshop. typical. Like look at his hand and tell me that looks normal.

Well that's a first.

That definitely is t racist or anything! Not at all! /s

Democrats only love their own.

voter frauD. Election tampering. StoP counting fakE ballots. Recount All voTEs in wisconsin.  DemOcrats lie. No voter id. Arizona recount!  Liberals Don’t understanD. ICe needs to raid arizona. Keep all illegals out. Hiding republicans votEs. fAke election Decision! #MAGA

You realize this is an outlier. One single case you'll find of a moron.

On the other end it shoved down ur throat by majority of the party.

"We love minorities, as long as they vote for us!"

They've shared that sentiment with both Latinos and African Americans.

Photoshop

Insane.

Lmao I’m a Cuban conservative.

I don’t think people see this is a Biden event..... these are not Trump supporters. It’s showing Democrats say that, while they actually are the ones hating people simply for voting Republican.

This doesn't prove your point, it's just saying that democrats also apply

Is this a good point you’re making?

I'm a republican and no one I know feels that way.  That's bullshit.  Come in people, don't you know when you're being played?

It's literally what cuban americans advocate for by being cunservatives. Call it getting what they deserve. Or are refugees only good when they agree with you politically?

Joe as an old, white, rich man telling black people that if they don't vote for him then their skin color isn't really black, is probably one of the most racist things I've ever heard from a politician lately.

They restricted his account, insane

Brilliant tweet. Thanks.

Look.....If you really feel like a woman in a man's body or vice versa, are above 18, and have taken PROPER therapy(Not the biased liberal bs) then go for it. Who am I to judge you? But the thing is, you have to be 100% sure that that is what you want. Don't just make these life changing decisions on a fucking impulse. Allowing a child to make these decisions is insane. That's like saying a 5 year old can have a job, buy a house, and do whatever the fuck an adult does that a child doesn't. Make these decisions when you're a fucking adult.

Thats good!

Yurp. Logic train off the rails

Hahah facts

Biology says that gender isn’t in between your legs.

Sleepy Joe & Harris said Repeatedly NO FRACKING!!!  He rather Lie through his teeth, Rather than Honesty. Harris said yesterday when she off the plane, “where am I again” then she says Hi Cleveland!!! Dah

Come on!! BINGO!!!

My dog wants to identify as a cat. Weird.

He want to win by spreading racism.

What would he think of Michael Jackson? Food for thought!

Pretty sure this is a fake account. No followers.

Why does nobody ever assert that if gender is a social construct and can literally be chosen and therefore cannot be an immutable characteristic, that gender identity has no business having any legal discrimination protections?

Funny how you guys can tell when Trump is "joking" but you can't see how Biden is joking. No wonder you guys can't meme.

If I get banned from this sub, will I stop seeing these stupid posts in my feed?

Not to be rude but this tweet doesn't make any sense. He was implying republicans do not support black people. That they do not fight for their rights.

You're suggesting his belief that Republicans do not care about black people is the same as his belief trans people should have rights? 

I don't... understand the logic here? I mean it sounds like it should make sense so I understand why you like it as a point, but when you think about it this is sort of nonsensical. 

Unless I'm missing something obvious?

Still waiting on that rapid rail from LA to SF that as supposed to be done in like 2018 (and since abandoned I believe). Shitty areas are also shittier.

Where's the money go? Into Nancy, Gavin, Maxine, Schitt's pockets.

bUT cAliFoRniA pAYs fOr ALl thE miDdlE oF tHe cOuNtRy

Because all of our taxes from the past 20 years went to inner city projects, illegal immigrant housing, perpetual road repair, and a nice high speed boolit train that never materialized and eventually got cancelled indefinitely after sucking away everyone’s tax money from the past 20

PragerU is awesome

w0rLdS BiGgEsT eC0nOmY!!!!1111!1!1!

And that electricity, when you can get it, is insanely expensive.  It's not unusual for electric bills to go over $800 in the summer.  Contrast that with (warmer) texas, where, in a larger home, air conditioned 24x7 in august, the bill was.... $150.

California has destroyed everything I loved about it.

im planning to leave california for a year to study abroad

But wait there’s more! Despite their huge budget deficit they just passed a law to commision to study reparations for slavery.

The exodus is real. My and my extended family of 15 left last year.   


Place is gone into free fall. Especially the last \~5 years. Gets worse each year.

State of Jefferson needs to happen.

I live here and can confirm it’s a shit hole politically. I do think we have the best weather and some of the best views in the US, but aside from that, homelessness is a real issue and with so much taxes, it’s not getting better here.

And a ton of homeless come from other states.

Bro when did we get the sus flair? Lol

muh  bBLUE StateS FunD ReD sTTATES arguMEnt Doh

PragerU only has a bad reputation because it try’s to bring god into politics

The pelosi effect...

Democrats, especially Biden, want to do to the rest of the country what they did to California. They can all go right back to Hell.

Isn’t socialism grand?

I hate it here please help the AC isn’t enough in he 112 degree weather

I still don’t get why they have such high taxes, when they get so much income from Tourism AND movie making!   They could be their own Country with their GDP, so what’s the deal?

What is actually happening with all of the money?

California also has more people living in it that any state by far. so yes it does have the highest amount of homeless.  It does not however have the highest percentage of homeless

Correlation -/-> causation

As if its impossible for there to be other possible factors at play. You act like x is a result of y when x could be a result of a combination of letters. In short you guys are dumb lmao

Leftist Agree! :D We do have a homeless problem! Let's tax the billionaires of Silicon Valley and their high ranking employees that want to gentrify our "trendy" urban neighborhoods we've been living in for generations. Let's reduce taxes on the working class and audit agencies to cut overhead. Also let's cut military spending because blowing up civilians just creates resent for our country and it's a waste of our tax money. These straw man arguments that the true left loves high income taxes on the working class is an argument in bad faith. The platform is: workers should own the means of production. The conservative welders and steel workers of my apartment building live in two bedroom units with 3 kids give or take. They should be able to afford a home for their family as they have made millions for their respective companies. Their labor is worth more than the money reflected on their paychecks. Same thing goes for retail workers. America is the people not a flag. The homeless people of california are in large part victims of the opioid epidemic. The opioid epidemic affects white people disproportionately. These are people not political ammunition.

**Lifelong Californian**. Can confirm 100% *true*.

Remind me again how it works: Property values are high & more people live in a place because \_IT SUCKS THERE\_? LOL DELUSIONAL

To be fair its the fires that made trouble with electricity. This statement makes as much sense as the Bidens statement of Trump being directly responsible for deats caused by covid

Friend just came back from LA and said everything including the beaches are closed and the city is a hobo camp.

Those are a few of the ‘nice’ things about CA but you left out the fact that it is a one party state run by a Governor who thinks his powers are limitless and who likes write his own laws. It’s nice that he has dispensed with the legislature and voters and unilaterally sends our money to such ’nice’ groups as China and illegals and the Biden for President campaign. It is a really ‘nice’ place to live.

Trump's whole thing is to drive fear for votes. He wants the suburbs to be afraid.

Vote for MJ Hegar

While driving around in Houston today, I saw a yard sign that read “I’m a republican but I’m no fool. Biden 2020”. Made me smile

Wonderful to see! We can turn this around!

This is beautiful

What makes you continue to identify as a republican? With the amount of enabling and obstruction, you're clearly turned off here.

Do you mind sharing if you voted for him in 16? Have you noticed a shift?

Welcome to the big tent! Sending you love from an Illinois mama!

Where did you find these signs?

I vote democratic in Texas in every election. It's exhausting and I hope it matters this year. In two years, I want to destroy Abbott.

Thank you!!

Hopefully you will be able to vote in Texas. Abbott and Paxton are working overtime to interfere w the election.

I wish I could have changed my dad's mind. He even admits Drumph does "stupid stuff" (the most scathing insult I could get from him on the subject), but he is ride or die Republican. Already voted by mail in VA. At least my mom has turned.

Blue Texas!!  Big big tent time!! Plenty of room!! Welcome!!

After four years of Trump, can you imagine the next four years with him not having to worry about re-election?  In theory this was him on his best behavior, which petrifies me.  Check out my username, I understand your feelings, though to be fair I don't plan to go back.  The republican party really opened my eyes to what they said they stood for  vs. what they actually stood for.   All it took was an excuse for them to show their true colors and they were happy to do so.  Thank you for picking country over party.

Looks like East Texas?

Welcome to our side.

As someone relocating from Florida to Texas after the new year, this makes me proud to see.

If there's anything that's permanently repelled me from voting for TX GOP candidates in the future, it's: 

* Allen West taking over the state party. 

* Greg Abbott pandering to the far right and enforcing voter suppression methods

* Anti-maskers and anti-vaxxers growing their influence within the party decision makers

* Shelley 'UberKaren' Luther running for a State Senate seat only because she reopened her nail salon and got arrested for breaking the law

* Colloidal silver hawker Steve Hotze demanding that all rioters and protestors be shot and killed on sight

* Attorney General Ken Paxton finally being exposed for the fraudster piece of shit we always knew he is

* Lt. Governor Dan Patrick existing

* Ag Commissioner Sid Miller flying to Oklahoma on taxpayer funds to get a 'Jesus shot' 

* Every single GOP congressman, state house rep and state senator denying the climate change and stuffing every regulatory post with bureaucratic dismantlers

* Baptist churches hawking Christian Dominionist theory and pushing their Deacons and biggest tithers to run for office and literally instill a God King

* Ignoring the very principles that Republicans once stood for - limited government, low taxation, free trade and balanced budgets

* Mismanaging a COVID-19 pandemic so badly that the oil & gas industry (which I work in) is in complete tatters. Trump & Abbott ironically instilled a more effective fracking ban than anyone could ever hope for. Nice job looking out for the industry you supposedly support, dipshits (Biden helped lift the crude export ban in a - dare I say it - compromise, which was a huge boon for our industry and helped push Saudi Arabian crude oil back to their shores in lieu of American crude)

Fuck the GOP, and especially fuck the TX GOP. It has been overrun with fools, anti-vaxxers, shysters, fake Christians, powermongers, self righteous hacks, conspiracy theorists, and snotty trust fund babies who don't know what real work is.

I joined this sub yesterday and there's def a theme of optimism, and a complete absence of negative rhetoric here. It's nice.

I’m generally libertarian (Yang, Elon, etc) but we must save the Republic.

Let’s go Joe.

Awesome ! ! ! Tell your friends & family as well. Our future depends on it. The Great State of Texas is a critical!

I love seeing my fellow Texans getting behind Joe! This is my first presidential election and I hope I get to play a part in turning Texas blue. :)

You're a saint for going against your usual party. Thank you

Amen Thank god

Hell yeah! Respect!

It does not matter your political ailing if you value the country over having someone who alines better with them

*sees trump sign in the background*





**enemy spotted!**

The votes at night are big and bright 👏👏👏👏

Keep us posted how long those last.

I love that sign (republican for Biden).  One of my parents is a die hard republican and they voted Biden (the other always votes democrat).  They would probably appreciate that sign.

Thanks for being brave enough to change your mind. My parents are digging their heels in and I just don’t get it. It honestly makes me so sad

Texas early voting starts this coming Tuesday the 13th. I am ready, my wif and I have scheduled the whole day off to vote out the fascist regime.

I love how the first thing u notice bc of the way it’s designed is “hate here”

Hell yeah Texas for Biden, let’s turn this state blue

That's very big of you. It's a shame what Republicans have become, I'm not one but I understand their ideals. I just don't see how they can mesh with Trump

Atheist republican here. Ain’t crazy about it but definitely voting Biden here in Texas

respect!

It's important to have diverse voices and meaningful debate in politics, so I hope the Republic party gets its shit together. But first I hope it gets the shit kicked out of it on November 3rd.

Blexas!!!

You absolute fucking legend

THIS! THIS I LIKE TO SEE! GOOD JOB! DOING GOOD WORK!

I’m showing this post to any of my friends who can’t drive 5 mins down the road to do the same

This is great. It's also sad, and shouldn't happen.

Living in Alaska, registered voter. My polling station is literally in a town I have never been to. I have updated my demographics several times, forced registration through PFD application and still 121 miles ... 3 flight 1 night in Anchorage $774.00 weather depending. Democracy at its finest

Edit: the village I am registered in, I have not lived there since 2011. Called to correct demographics was informed that they could not contact me so my absentee ballot was never delivered.

This cheers me up so much this dreary morning.  ^(Bows deeply towards) u/101ina45

Wow. Respect!

Dedication to the cause. You love to see it

Just so you know. I've heard rumors of people having Biden signs in their yards being targeted and having their ballot(s) stolen.  Not hard when all you have to do is follow the mail truck and only hit homes with Biden signs.

You are a great American! You should email your story to the Lincoln Project. They'd probably have a new voter suppression ad out by tomorrow (I'm like, half-joking).

Wow. This is about as close to “I would crawl over ten miles of broken glass” as it gets. Bravo!

We need more good humans like you!

I was having a really shitty last few days. You made me smile. 

I’m really happy that you had the resources to travel and vote. I’m angry that you had to though. 

I just wanted to comment and say that you are awesome. And thank you. 

I live in a red state and often feel like my vote is just a drop in the bucket. Hopefully that bucket gets way more full this election cycle.

Yeah man. Flip this state!

You should be able to download your absentee ballot, print, and mail.  That's what I did for my GA vote.  Your county should have a contact person.  Too late, but for anyone else I hope they see this.

Red Mud Patriots unite!

My son is working down in FLA and still hasn't gotten his absentee ballot and like you sent off for it awhile back. He's only 7 hours away so he's ok with making the drive up next week but man these stories are too common.

Hats off to you from over here in west Georgia friend.

Damn dude that’s legit

I did this in 2016. I was in the process of moving to GA from MA. Yep MA was clearly voting for Hillary then. I still made a point of flying back to cast my vote even though I didn’t think it was going to make a lick of difference. I still had the house there so I stayed up and watched in horror as each state fell.

Man it may come down to this one vote

This is voter suppression. No one should have to do what you did.

THIS is patriotism

If I could give an award, I would

For now, take this king👑

Bravo! Voted in GA a few days ago. Can’t wait to see our state turn blue

I early voted yesterday and was grumbling and complaining the whole time about having to stop after work. Serious respect for you going all that way to vote! Biden 2020!

I'm there too, my request for absentee was confirmed, but never arrived either...

Marry me

GET. IT. DONE.

Call your family and friends with brains and use your influence to encourage people.

Off topic but is that a genesis coupe?

I live in the UK and my wife and I had a fleeting conversation about this whilst we were waiting on our ballots. 

We have them now and have voted (NC) but we are naturalized citizens from back when we lived in the US. we have a new born though so in the current climate wouldn't have been practical... Thank fuck the ballots showed up.

I hope so bad that GA goes blue. What a message that would send. Thank you so much for your effort .

Truly a great man. While you are back visit your parents, they worry!

That’s Georgia for ya. My sister who has very serious medical conditions and can’t be out and about during the pandemic never received her absentee ballot. She inquired as to why and how to go about getting one sent to her ASAP and they basically said “we don’t know and there’s nothing we can do”. So she has to either not vote or find a basically empty polling place in order for her to vote without literally risking her life to do so. Absolutely ridiculous.

Spanish for “I voted” sounds so much cooler than the English way.

Thank you!!

Hero.

Awesome I voted too

THANK YOU!!

Now THAT’S dedication. 🙌🏻

Take my upvote and your frequent flyer miles.

Hell yea

I bow to you 🙌

You’re incredible. You give me hope

You are a hero!

This got deleted from at least 2 subs, facepalm and publicfreakout after reaching top of all, which is understandable since it doesn't seem to fit. PoliticalHumor doesn't allow videos, and people need to watch this. It's hilarious as hell. If anyone knows more places to share this, please do.

Full video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_3EZFFX41k

---

**EDIT: Since this shot up, I'll take the time to implore you to volunteer because a few 100 more voters in the 6 key swing states is 0.01% of the margin which is recorded in history books, and is an amazing effort of helping prevent 4 more years of Trump.**

* [For a very in depth breakdown of the status of each swing state, please see a thread I made.](https://www.reddit.com/r/JoeBiden/comments/ic4xgq/a_very_detailed_review_of_each_swing_state_with/)  I'll link the images from it here for the lazy.

[Lean rating](https://imgur.com/l0fucRI)

[Lean value](https://imgur.com/UWfESuD)

[Aggregator average](https://imgur.com/RFmRyBF)

District PVI analysis:

[North Carolina](https://imgur.com/doPwk7P)

[Arizona](https://imgur.com/05vOss3)

[Florida](https://imgur.com/zbxetrW)

[Wisconsin](https://imgur.com/UE4oUxa)

[Pennsylvania](https://imgur.com/dKUi504)

[Michigan](https://imgur.com/P5LwPQl)

#[Volunteer](https://go.joebiden.com/page/s/volunteer)
#[Make phone calls for Joe](https://www.mobilize.us/2020victory/event/291103/](https://www.mobilize.us/2020victory/event/291103)
#[Send text messages for Joe](https://www.mobilize.us/2020victory/event/293967/](https://www.mobilize.us/2020victory/event/293967)

“This ad was paid for by the ghost of Donald Trump’s dead dad who is looking up from Hell with shame in his eyes” is just the icing on the cake.

Putin is not my Papi. Lmao

I just love how Vicente Fox in his retirement just DGAF

Fox makes the greatest anti-Trump videos.  The original Vicente Fox build the wall video: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtk\_zcbVAeE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtk_zcbVAeE)

Has anyone been getting the horrible ads about Biden on the YouTube app? Google has thrown in with Trump and promoting fake stuff as if it's real in these ads. They are the first thing to show up as the app opens and no way to remove them.

Full video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_3EZFFX41k

I lost it at the bush

I'm a big fan of Vicente Fox, he had the best ideas regarding how to make the Canadian, US, and Mexican economies work well together.

What was the significance of the 65 vs 62 million?

that Time Magazine cover in the back.  "Vincent Fox Throws a Baseball Over the Moon"

Covfefe mug!

My Mexican mom approves of this 👍

Another bush is fine but it should be big enough to hide behind

This. Is. Amazing.

Pretty good English, why isn't Fox news reporting this?!

Salvaje.

Thank you SUPERDELUXE.  His 2016 Republican debate videos are still some of the funniest things I've ever seen.

Time Magazine in the background. lmfao.

I absolutely *love* it!!

ok seriously where can we buy them?

He's got my vote haha

This is crazy fantastic. Wow!

Holy shit now *this* is savage

Why hasn't this video gone viral??? Funniest thing I've seen in a long time.

“We would even take, another Bush”

This is wrong on so many levels it's comical

"This ad was paid for by the ghost of Donald Trump's dead dad who is looking up from Hell with shame in his eyes."


Haha, best part.

The Right doesn't get to complain about decency ever again.  *They brought us here.*



At least we keep it light & funny.

Dude that is fuckin' gold!

Oh my god, is this a modern day lynching? They dragged him hard.

Love this!

Never mess with a guy named Fox!

As we learned from the X Files....

what a world

I effin lost it at the stairs. Beautiful.

Don't forget that you should stand behind a country and not a man. Because that's the reason we haven't been invaded yet. As a country we are strong. Even though our leadership is an absolute joke. But according to conservatives the entire world is out to get them. And we are all wrong.

Hahaha this is great!

$750??? No K after it??? Am I getting it wrong?? Less than $1000 dollars??

Yet Trump claims to be a billionaire. Gee, it’s almost like he’s doing something illegal.

I'm kind of surprised Obama made so much honestly.

You know trump's gut reaction to seeing this is pride. He probably honestly thinks this makes him "the winner" and Obama the loser. 

Jfc

Another way to look at it:

$165,200 - Reagan

$101,400 - H.W. Bush

$62,700 - Clinton

$250,200 - W. Bush

$1,800,000 - Obama

$750 - Trump

Really though why did they use that photo of Bill instead of one of his presidential shots like they did with everyone else?

I wanted to see how far back we could go before a president paid less in taxes.ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY EIGHT YEARS AGO, President Lincoln voluntarily paid $1,220 in taxes.

Source: [https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn84031490/1862-10-30/ed-1/?sp=2&r=0.219,0.995,0.195,0.104,0](https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn84031490/1862-10-30/ed-1/?sp=2&r=0.219,0.995,0.195,0.104,0)

When you illegally over-inflate your properties and then they don't make back what you said they would make back you pay less in taxes. Dude is a walking scam. What a surprise.

tHiS mAkEs HiM sMaRt!

As a 16 year old high school student with a summer job, I’ve paid more taxes than him.

Meanwhile Trumpies be like: “CNN is fake news. Left wing media are biased. They are always vilifying our God”. No jerks, get your heads out of your asses. They just report the truth backed up by appropriate evidence and that happens to go against your leader who you gleefully worship.

I feel like really, the massive debt should be the bigger story.

He is literally a foreign debtor with security clearance, as if that isn’t just a massive fucking risk

How is that even possible? I paid more in Federal Taxes my last pay period.

He’s also the only one that doesn’t smile with teeth. 

Coincidence?!?

I THINK NOT!

Hey fox,try to spin that

Jesus fucking christ. Donald is a conman.

No guys, he said it's 'fake news' , nothing to see here. /s

T’s followers do not care. It’s the racism... and fear and hate and ignorance. Whether T pays taxes has little impact on the above motivations.

The only way T could lose any of his remaining followers would be to renounce racism in a concrete, meaningful way, and show some empathy.

Not gonna happen.

One thing this election will reveal is the exact number of hateful, ignorant, fearful and frankly *deplorable* voters there are in America. So there’s that.

I hope they mapped for inflation.

I worked as a summer intern for 3 months and paid more taxes than that.

This feels like an onion graphic.

It would be interesting to see the number represented as the amount he should have paid had he not committed felony tax evasion.

The letters "K" and "M" are doing a real disservice to the message here. Put the zeros!

The thing is – this is half the story. 

When we're able to compare these to how he applied for financing for buildings, NFL teams, etc… and the disparity there, now we'll be into fraud territory.

Capone went down for tax fraud. It's Trump's biggest legal liability. This story has only just begun.

Trump is a fraud and a cheat

That must be some crazy tax fraud he's commiting.

Trump is such a goddamn loser all the time. Like seriously this is sad.

tRumpanzees: *He's so smart paying less than I do working at dollar general.*

Woooooooooooooooow the IRS did Obama dirty or he's the only one up there with any integrity

I miss Obama 😫

As my dear Nana used to advise me, "You get what you pay for".

I paid $7500 in federal tax last year(in Canada). As president doesn't he make at least 450k? Not sure what kind of black magic accountant can make that work

He’s also a complete failure as a businessman. And everything else he’s tried

They really need to add on .00 to drive home that point..

Lol clinton looking sus 😂😂😂

bUt HiS wEaLtH iS iN rEaL eStAtE.

In case someone hasn't seen his real estate locations are massive money sinks.

There are 2 ways this actually is: 1. It's accurate and thus he's quite possibly the worst businessman to ever call himself a businessman. Or 2. These are inaccurate and he is violating a lot of tax laws.

I think people who can admit a mistake and do whatever they can do right that wrong are good folks. It's a sign of strength and self-awareness many don't have, including our current president.

You live in a swing state and you made a decision this year that could positively affect people for decades. Thank you!

Edit: Removed hyperbole. But still, good job.

A Biden vote from a republican in Florida hits different

I will be voting D for the first time in my life in 11 days as well! I am too trying to fix my 2016 mistake.

Thank you brother!  Before we're Democrats or Republicans, we're all Americans.

Thank you for making a stand for what's right! ❤️

If you voted for Trump in 2016 it’s a +2 swing after subtracting one from him and adding one to Biden!

I couldn’t be more proud of 2016 Trump voters who are voting for Biden this time around. It takes exceptional character to admit a mistake and make it right. Let alone posting it on the internet. Proud of you!

A republican with conscienceil is a good republican

Proud to have you on board!

What matters is that you admitted your mistake and cast a vote to rectify it. Thank you so much!!

Well done, friend!! Miamian here too. Always happy to see more votes for joe!

Love it!  Now convince your friends and family to do the same.

Thank you. Now we make both parties better.

Welcome to the club we're happy to have you!

You deserve a croqueta.

As many others have said one of the most admirable things is being able to change your opinion and do what's right. Thanks for voting for love over hate and looking forward to seeing your vote pay off!

Welcome to the team!

from another floridian, thank you!

I hope responsible Republicans like you are down balloting his enablers as well.  I miss my old Republican party.

I am proud of you.

Country over party. Thank you!

I’m proud of you. Thank you. 💙

Big tent!

I like your sunglasses

As someone who used to live in Miami and knows how politics are down there, thank you.

I just hope that these republicans will actually support his policies as well. There will be lots of work that needs to be done to get this country back on track. And we will need all the help that we can get

I’m calling BS, cause I saw a a dude a Twitter claim that there has in fact been a 59 point shift in Trumps favor over 2016, and that just doesn’t seem possible if he’s losing 2016 voters! /s

A big thank you to every current and former Republican who is voting for Biden this election period. Sincerely, thank you!

Thanks for realizing your error and doing something about it. Thank you.

Thank you for changing your mind.

Thank you! 🙏🏻 
Also, awesome tattoo.

You're a better man than many other Miami Trump voters I know.   You've earned a croqueta.

Thank you for helping right this wrong! I voted straight blue for the first time as well and can honestly say I’ve never felt as excited about voting before. I pray we can send a strong message this election!

More than +1 that's a 2 vote swing mate!

Glad to have you. What changed your mind? I may use your tactics with some family members.

Thank you so much my dude. Truly, from the bottom of my heart, thank you for putting country over party, for being able to admit you made a mistake, for learning,  growing, and for giving a shit about your community!! 

This gives me hope.

I'm doing the same in Arizona

Thank you!

YAAASSSSS!!! And thank you for voting in Florida too! God knows we need all the blue votes we can possibly get

Welcome aboard. Going against your party in the name of doing the right thing is very admirable, my brother.

Fuck yeah. They really are trying every shitty trick in the book

As a Californian I will drive to the nearest Whataburger which I believe is in AZ. and have a burger if Texas goes blue.

This is not the lawsuit that was actually likely to win. That one, the federal lawsuit, remains outstanding.

I realize this is the Texas Supreme Court, so are the TX GOP’s ability to toss these votes over, or can they elevate this outside of Texas? I realize this is probably a stupid question...

Shot down by a 9-0 repub court too.

Let’s goo baby

Don't get ahead of yourselves. The fight isn't over. The federal court will hear this tomorrow. And it will inevitably make it to the Supreme Court.

Pro tip: the party is trying to invalidate the peoples' votes, probably doesn't have the peoples'  best interest at heart lol.

This is not the federal case

"The Republican plaintiffs, however, are pursuing a similar lawsuit in federal court, hoping to get the votes thrown out by arguing that drive-thru voting violates the U.S. constitution. A hearing in that case is set for Monday morning in a Houston-based federal district court, one day before Election Day. A rejection of the votes would constitute a monumental disenfranchisement of voters — drive-thru ballots account for about 10% of all in-person ballots cast during early voting in Harris County."

The court is open on a weekend?

Please everyone, keep up the pressure and contact your local election officials!

https://choosedemocracy.us/take-action/#callwrite

https://old.reddit.com/r/JoeBiden/comments/jm698r/attention_its_only_2_days_until_the_election/

This is very important, there’s still a federal case on this, but for a federal judge to circumvent a (fully republican btw) State Supreme Courts ruling on its own elections would be extremely disgusting. The SOS is standing behind Harris county and so is the Texas Speaker of the House. It’s not happening

If they actually succeed in this, is there any legitimate reason for people to NOT riot?

If Texas does flip, I believe it will be within a 150,000 vote margin. This could be monumental to the future of this nation.

It’s so depressing that we even have to worry about this sort of outrageous voter suppression; our democracy is in serious trouble

Hallelujah ! Let’s get this party started ! Is anybody else as anxious as I am, for it to be Tuesday already !?

Fuck yes! You can't invalidate legally cast ballots.

YES!

Thank fuck.

Sigh of relief!!!

It's still going before a right-wing judge at 10am tomorrow. This isn't the victory people seem to think it is, unfortunately.

Why would any Court see it any differently?  Valid votes are valid votes, whether they're cast inside, or on the curbside.

Turn Texas Blue!

I am from Kansas City. If Texas goes blue I will concede that Texas has better BBQ.

Yes Miranda, there is a god!

Hell yes!

Excellent. Thanks Texas Supreme Court! :)

Good

This election will destroy Trump's ego

Desperation is a stinky cologne, Trumpers.

F*CKKKK YESSSSSSS

Republicans have quickly become the enemy of the United States

wohooo!

and vote “yes” to benefits for All veterans!

even the asshole ones..

#👏👏👏👏👏

Still remember if you haven't voted yet - **do so!**

thanks for Posting this. thats why i come Here: substantial information on the election - Not the 1000th "i voted"-selfie

Glad to hear it's official but it's not gonna change anything until other shoes drop first.

Be a shame if the presidential candidate was convicted. Guessing that wouldn't be good for his foreign policy.

The Democrat plan is in motion. Biden will be impeached and Kamala will be sworn in. Biden is the trojan horse.

liberals: bbbbut.... orange man BAD

This is back in July, I can’t find anything else more current

We’re living through the biggest attack on truth and justice in this country.

Fact check: Being a criminal is rare so therefore he can’t be a criminal 

/s

Great time to be an investigator! Seems like the jobs never run out.

I asked this in another sub but, where are we with this investigation? Whose conducting it and why haven't we seen more of Hunter's laptop? Is it just going to fade away?

Yeah let's bust this illegitimate clown. Criminal monster.

I can't find anything about this. Links?

>One America News Network, also known as One America News, is a far-right, pro-Donald Trump cable channel founded by Robert Herring Sr. and owned by Herring Networks, Inc., launched on July 4, 2013. The network is headquartered in San Diego, California, and operates news bureaus in Washington, D.C. and New York City 

From wikipedia

Kamala begins wringing hands together saying, "excellent"

Holy shit she’s cute

To be honest, Biden should be listed as a criminal suspect in U.S. courts too.

The man has a 50+ year career in being a creeper.

*His son was just caught with child porn on his laptop as well.*

Biden is as bad as hillary

Based

I would research this, from what im finding it doesnt seem like anything will come of it because he was added to the list as a formality in ukrainian courts.

He should be listed as a criminal suspect in American courts, too.

The American DOJ had the evidence & the opportunity but did NOTHING. Now look at the mess because of that failure..

Too bad that absolutely nothing will happen with this.

Criminal suspect? So he’ll be arrested if he would enter Ukraine one day?

Corruption.

I attempted to find more information, and I saw many articles about this back in May, June, and July. I guess it fell by the wasteside or it’s more relevant now?

u/savethisvideo

Oh, if only he were a criminal suspect in the US courts.

For the love of gawd, please, please let this finally be it!!! How I would love to see the faces of all the idiot that were dancing in the street when CNN  falsely named Biden the next POTUS.

Lol 😂 oh boy

It's such a high profile story its nowhere to be found on the website. This shit is crazy.

IMPEACH!!!

DAMN!!!!!!!!! Wonder how many other Dems knew of this prior to the election?? Let’s hope something comes of this!

u/vredditshare

About time

ITT brainlet trumpians unable to read the date.

Jesus you guys are desperate huh.

Ruh-roh~

I''m honestly curious. When is this from? The only reference I can find is the case showing up in February. [https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/ukraine-police-closes-biden-probe-initiated-ousted-prosecutor-n1247320](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/ukraine-police-closes-biden-probe-initiated-ousted-prosecutor-n1247320)

Seems like the same thing and this trial was just dismissed, today in fact. It also explains that you can list pretty much anyone you want in a criminal investigation there, and the procecutor who did so has been ousted since that filing was made.

Am I missing something?

Hope everyone here realizes they’re looking at the thing that encapsulates so well why the corrupt anti-American leftist establishment hates Trump so rabidly...they can’t control him. Not the least bit. And it enrages and horrifies them at the same time

Legend.

Can i get a video link?

He’s a wild man and that’s why we love him.  He’s perfect for the times, libs have no idea how to counter the truth.

I am unaware of this situation. Someone please explain to me what happened.

I get to see him speak this weekend and I’m excited!

I’d say he’s around 5-6 for me, first is teddy Roosevelt, then Lincoln, then Reagan, then washington, then trump or Nixon

I agree. I wish we had him in Canada. The guy never quits. Never gives up.  Not many people impress me more.  Mohammed Ali.  Elvis   Luther king.  Michael Jackson    Are all on the same to me.  And I been around all of them.    Alberta. Jack

What a boss move

Legend.

So fucking based

What a badass!

 Omg super flex!!!!!

Lmfbo

If I had to sum up the Donald Trump sub reddit in three words it would be “waaaaaaah hunter biden”

Orangest president ever. Don't make me puke.

Were still in a pandemic

Weird

Fuck Trump and Biden; Fuck Pence and Harris, and anyone who honestly supports any of them after a simple 10 minutes of research. No one has any God damn principles anymore. That is the real problem with America. And I say this knowing full well I will get banned by a load of snowflakes that can't pull their heads out of the sand and want better people leading our country, the house and the senate.

Absolute BOMBSHELL. MAGA.  


I too download and store all my emails on my laptop.

Fake President Supersoreader COVIDIOT-45

Wow! Trump is SPEAKING LOUD pre-written email?!?! He is SUCH HERO! He is holding rallys holding thousands of people without masks who will get covid and eventually die?!!? He is SUCH HERO!

So the Corona dude holds another rally...

"Q" of QAnon is actually Joel Osteen.  Who else could come up with Athiest pedophiles who eat babys?

Guy can’t even drink water

This?  This, while we are closing on a quarter of a million American deaths from a disease he downplayed to help connected friends get wealthier.  Put Hunter in jail if he did something wrong, but do your f-ing job.  America is not great again, four years wasted.

I’m gonna have sex with your mother

Now THIS is what the American people need! Not a stimulus, not jobs to fix the worst unemployment heading into a presidential election ever, and DEFINITELY not even a shred of a plan for healthcare in the midst of a global pandemic. 

**WE THE PEOPLE** NEED to know about the emails of the... son... (am I getting that right?) of the opposing candidate for President (wait it’s not even the candidates emails this time?)

Boy, you guys are gullible as fuck. Tell me how knowing emails about whatever the fuck is more beneficial than reducing unemployment or providing, at the very least, a health care plan, a plan that was promised years ago.

15 reports.... ok snowflakes...

A children of a year old could already identify their own parents. A mother could identify her children easily.

The problem is that not we somehow lost the name of the parent in the paperwork, but the children have no clear parent and the so-called “parent” didn’t bother to find their own children.

It’s actually astoundingly disgusting that Democrats are using human trafficking for political gain and they continue to lie about things like this. 

Are independents and democrats who aren’t totally brainwashed not seeing these lies??? Makes me very pessimistic and fearful for our future.

No one ever blames the parents! If I’m driving drunk with my kid in the back, I get taken to jail and my kid is “ripped” from my arms. Why does the left love defending everyone except Americans?

If you ever go to Central America and get off the beaten path. You’ll see how poor these people are. These kids ain’t trafficked by force. They are given up by parents in hopes they can make it in the US. It is seriously the saddest thing I’ve ever learned. 

Why do the parents think this? Because the cartels/coyotes tell them they can get them across because we have huge areas of the border than are not patrolled/monitored. Building the wall will bring this bs down

I like how joe ignorantly claimed “every single one was brought by their parents”....... he’s willing to lie over much more serious matters.  Trumps style of b.s. doesn’t put innocent children in danger.  Just hyped up his golf clubs etc

Joe’s crime bill has separated plenty of Americans from their children. The left doesn’t seem to care about that though.

Liberals on Twitter today saying " how can a coyote carry a grown person across the border". Not liberal with any thought process. And these are people who want their college debt paid ?

These children can’t be hard to find. If parents stop looking, they are bad parents.

“Who built the cages Joe? Who built the cages?” 

:::crickets:::

“Cmon man!”

We actually were able to contact 485 of these parents, who remain abroad.

Not a single one elected to have their children returned to them.

Vote Biden and make the Biden family rich.

Vote Trump and make your family rich.

Absolutely... the REAL truth, Lyin’ Bidens!

Remember when Obama was President and they were called “unaccompanied minors” now you never hear that term used by the media, it’s just evil orange man tearing babies from their mothers arms.

I thought kids were brought by storks, not coyotes.

To get the kids back with their parents. The 500 number likely is the number of kids who they couldn't match up with anyone, thus making them likely victims of child trafficking.

Oookay holy shit. Not really something to have a debate on, it's horrible either way and anyone who can help should help. Christ, I'm usually in here trolling but this is genuinely fucked guys.

"But coyotes can't carry children across the border!"

&#x200B;

Yes, there are actually blue checkmark idiots on Twitter who think President Trump was talking about LITERAL coyotes. These people are so stupid and ignorant, they shouldn't be allowed to vote. But, it's like my dad told me, "The Constitution gives you rights, not brains."

Keep talking about this topic. We have another Soros caravan heading to our southern border.

fuck these concentration camps and fuck you for rationalizing them.

From what I understood, thousands of kids are brought to the border and now 500 are still without a parent. So the other few hundred or thousand were returned to their parent.

I think both are true

BIDEN2020

Or the parents don't want to be found so their kids stay in America.

I really wish Trump articulated this better. Wild times.

Ms King needs to learn what human trafficking is: Human trafficking involves the use of force, fraud, or coercion to obtain some type of labor or commercial sex act. Every year, millions of men, women, and children are trafficked worldwide - including right here in the United States.

These children were immigrants, and separated from their parents by the current administration. Shame on you for confusing the 2. They were not trafficked.

Is this a meme sub or are you guys for real?

No

Can I get some evidence to that claim please

Those 545 children came with adults. They didn't come alone. They were supposedly their parents. Why are you eating this shit? They purposefully lost the information connecting the children to the adults! Now they cannot join the children to their parents!

Ok so in this utterly false bullshit scenario, trafficked children are being detained and held in camps instead of being given asylum? That’s EVEN WORSE FUCK FOR BRAINS

Holy shit you all are beyond salvation.

Nope. The policy was to pull kids from their parents to make people not want to come over. That was the actual policy. And now we have over 500 kids whose parents they can't find because of that policy. The mental backflips you people are willing to do to justify this administration's actions is mind blowing

Damnit, why is Reddit feeding me posts from this shitty sub?

Lol no. Maybe Biden shouldn’t have done slimy gross things in his 3098 years in senate and then tried to run for president.

They must think that Kavanagh should recuse himself because we know how Harris treated him

Karma, mutherfucker! Ain't it a bitch?

This defines the difference between the left and right.  

The left wants and thinks a judge should use emotion when deciding a ruling so of course they think Thomas will be biased. 

The right believes a judge should follow constitutional law when deciding a case so of course they think Thomas will be fair. 

Don't move one inch Justice Thomas.  Do the right thing.

Fuck the Washington post . Print the fake news and STFU

*Breaking:*  Leftist shill rag thinks all conservatives on the Supreme Court should recuse themselves from every case...

They just really don't want that guy to face any consequences for any of his actions, huh?

Next headline: “All conservative justices should recuse themselves out of fairness and integrity to the democratic process”

User Reports:


-This is misinformation(2)


-Threatening, harassing, or incites violence.(1)


Lmao, are your feelings being threatened?

WaPo is basically informing everyone who didn't know that Joe was a piece of shit to this honorable man. Good job WaPo.

Biden should have recused himself from Thomas’s confirmation hearing since Biden is a racist that tried his hardest to cockblock him for being black and thinking independently.

You know they know what's coming if they are trying this shit. lol.

Good Luck with that, Libs!

Sounds like Joe Biden should recuse HIMSELF

Try to impeach the President under false pretenses?    
"Who cares? I want Biden to win, no matter how"
Push a bullshit agenda for mail in ballots?    
"Who cares? I want Biden to win, no matter how"    
Publish bullshit poll numbers to give a false impression of Binden's support?    
"Who cares? I want Biden to win, no matter how"    
Sneak ballots into offices in the dark of night and prevent witness observation?    
"Who cares? I want Biden to win, no matter how"
Send Biden to the Supreme Court and be judged in part by a man he attacked 30 years earlier?    
"No, no, that's not fair - it would be a stronger matter of integrity if Thomas recuses himself"    
Fuck you, Biden, and the horse you rode in on.

Don’t give in Clarence. Fuck that shit. Liberal media asking for everyone to recuse themselves for any little reason to tip the odds in their favor.

That's big brain time right there.

"If we treat all the republican nominees like total shit, we can demand that they not rule against us later"

It’s unconstitutional to count ballots cast after Election Day, I have faith that SCOTUS will agree

Biden attacked Thomas and Harris attacked Kavanugh and they hate that Amy Coney Barrett   I really hope they have the evidence to prove that the democrats cheated.  That would be great.

We’ll see how interested he is if he asks a question or two lol

Eventually they'll get around to saying all the conservative judges should recuse themselves.

That is a death threat against Thomas.  This man needs to be protected.  And he should absolutely not recuse himself.  The establishment is scared and getting cornered, now is the time to push even harder.

Better question: why are they afraid of the Supreme Court? 

Do you know what kind of idiots are afraid of the Supreme Court?

Maybe Joe Biden should recuse himself from the stolen election

What case is going to the supreme court? I want to know how fucked Biden is

Yeah Biden is screwed

Nope. What goes around comes around. Karma is a bitch.

Seems a bit racist to think Justice Thomas would be biased. Why? Is it because he's black? The party who war cries "racist" towards everyone,  are really the racists.

I want a bulldog too. No more nonsense. No more of this passive weakness.

His behavior was appropriate for the false accusations that CRIMINALS and LIARS are spreading about him.

Glad soooomebody else gets it.  Being passive and apathetic over a loooong period of time is what got us here.

The left always says “why can’t he be honorable like...” and then they name all the republicans who lost.

Ive stopped apologizing when people complain about how rude he can be. I’m like, everyone has known his personality for decades, it’s time to stop acting surprised. Quit faking outrage over some mean words. The man is a damn good president and actually puts USA first for a change, quit your bitching.

Lol, its funny to see people sharing that clip of Mike Lee "going off" on comey.

Like comey gives a shit.

Tim Scott again, not backing up Trump when the press throws out the racist lie. Coward.

I want someone that is going to say the things we don't want to hear and makes us all uncomfortable.  Someone that will challenge the laws and current thought processes growing in the country.  I want someone who doesn't apologize for saying what they think.  Someone that is willing to take a stand for true traditional American beliefs.  I want someone who is strong enough to take on the worst and put up the best fight of their life each time.  I want someone who is not afraid of hurting someone's feelings or offending.  

I see a lot of this in Trump.  At this point in my personal life I attack, if someone says something bad about him in front of me I am aggressive aggressive.  I don't sugar coat it and I am not afraid to let them know exactly what I think about their thoughts and about them in general.  I refuse to bring up politics outside my home, so when it does come up it's someone else starting it.  I am holding to the belief if someone starts it you finish it, no rules, no sympathy, if you don't like it walk away.

I’m glad somebody said it. If the left wants civility, they can start behaving like they’re worthy of it. Until then, hammer them relentlessly.

I'm sorry but I've never heard of anyone taking credit for the president's behavior... Where are these idiots, Twitter?

There was a poll that allowed respondents to use a word to describe trump during the debate.

The first world to describe Trump was “bully”

And that’s what we want.

That's why I like Ben Shaprio and Trump. They are not the laid back and get bullied republicans that get run over. Politics has changed in the last decade so the party and strategy must also change. Do I agree with everything Trump and Shaprio say and do? No, but I do agree with thier aggressiveness.

I had a boss once that was tactless and critical of everyone, including me. It impacted the work environment and drove me nuts because I couldn’t fathom how such a person could keep their job while behaving this way.

It didn’t dawn on me until I spoke to a higher up about it that this person was hired to do exactly that. They needed at least one person to play “the bulldog” for the company and my boss was that person.

I wouldn’t have a beer with them but they added value in a way that was needed at that time. Maybe that’s where we are.

I’ve said it a million times. If we appease the dems we will all be in gulags before we know it.

Wasn't one of the only criticisms of Bernie Sanders that he was too aggressive? The left needs to get their shit together!

My thoughts exactly

Yes. This is what i personally love about trump. He comes in swinging and isnt afraid to throw a jab uppercut combo...as the sharpie says, some times he follows through too much and punches a baby.

But whatever...im tired of the radical lefts insanity. They dont even care about the baby to begin with. Ive always been a republican but i havent really been impressed with any of the republican candidates for my entire life.

I want a republican who punches back and trump gives me exactly that. Its going to be hard after his presidency to find a candidate of his caliber that isnt afraid to get down and dirty...please god no more mitt romneys and john mccains and george bushes. Please.

We need someone who goes on the offensive and doesnt hang back playing d.

Kinda agree with him.

I’m old enough to witness the spineless and passive W years. Trust me you don’t want them to return.

I love it when people say, "Yes, he's an ass, but he's *our* ass fighting for *us* !"

Trump is a salesman he doesn’t know how to shut up and he knows his product is the truth which is why it sells so well

I'm in!

I wholeheartedly agree.

ABSOLUTELY.

Yeah exactly my thought. Everyone was calling him childish but hell no hes the alpha male. This is why he makes such a great president because he doesnt take bullshit and thats all the democrats are about.

Can you even vote or are actually an American?

Nimble navigator

Actually the radical left has been fueled more by the growth of the radical right than anything else but ok.

I never understood why? I mean if they were a taxi service yeah, but why in your own car?

So if the masks work,Why are mask wearers testing positive for Wuhan? Can't wait to see the logic answers....

Sheep I see them everyday driving or even walking outside with a mask on. What the fuck are they protecting themselves from? Fresh Air???

Sometimes I just forget to take it off after I leave the store, I promise I'm not a Biden supporter smh

uber/ food delivery is the only acception to this tbh

Especially if the windows are rolled up.

Makes you gamble with money that the person wears it in their own house as well.

Or you just forgot to take it off. I may have done this before....

I saw two different people  jogging with masks on in the suburbs. Makes me cringe every time I see it. Idiots.

It's easier to just wear it and let it be than to wear it every time I want to get out of my car

Love it!

So hear me out. Traffic cameras. A lot states ticket the driver, not the vehicle. So they would have to prove youre in the photo. Mask, hat, and sunglasses. Prove it. Nothing illegal about it and you maliciously comply with rules.

Isn't it illegal to drive with your face covered?

Any link to decal? I want one.

Or a Subaru, Prius, mini

Cool

Fire Fauci November 4th

It’s a misunderstanding of the term ‘airborne’ in many cases - and being ‘low information’, being asleep in 7th grade science class when the teacher talked about how viruses are transmitted and under what conditions. 
So much for shoving the face mask ‘education’ down our throats. It’s the paranoid compliance and nothing to do with “Staying Safe.”

Ya get sick ya get over it.  The B.S. Virus is what it should be called.

why is this flagged as a meme tho? hahahahah

 I just wear the mask in the car because it doesn't bother me and I don't want to walk out and forget it just to have to moron scream at me for killing children or something.

Wonderful people in the big city

Never seen a guy with a hard hat on off the job site?

Sometimes I just forget I have it on, not a Biden supporter, trust me.

Why do people care if your wearing a mask in your car

Didn’t trump wear a mask in the car?

Why do you guys get so salty over a piece of fabric on your face? Every scientist says that masks work and it requires 0 effort to wear one, why do you have to literally get UPSET when people wear them?? Someone please explain.

This is pure autism. I've forgotten to take it off plenty of times

What’s wrong with wearing a mask in the car? I support Trump but wearing a mask isn’t political during a pandemic. At least it shouldn’t be 🤦‍♀️

Is it hurting you masculinity so much ohh no is it making your tiny little dick smaller what a shame :(

Maybe they are driving for door dash and don’t want to sneeze on food? Or maybe they share their car with their diabetic, overweight, older mother or father? Maybe they’re a delivery driver who get out multiple times a day? Or maybe they just forgot to take it off? Either way, they’re probably looking out for their family, friends, and neighbors. For all the reasons you may think someone is behaving some way, there are explanations you might not think about.

What’s your story? Love seeing more people like me.

Edit: this is actually a powerful image. Front page worthy.

Some people asked me about what made me change my mind about Trump so here it is. I care a lot about the troops and the foreign policy and Trump failed both. 

First [he withdrew from northern Syria ](https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/trump-betrayed-us-fleeing-kurds-condemn-u-s-decision-to-leave-syria)and let Turkey invade and bomb the Kurds. 

Then COVID hit and Trump sent the national guard to help fight covid which is good. BUT [he called off the troops on the 89th day](https://www.militarytimes.com/news/pentagon-congress/2020/05/20/early-end-date-for-guard-coronavirus-deployment-draws-criticism-from-veterans-in-congress/) of their deployment which would be one day before they would start getting retirement and education benefits. 

Shortly after that, the protests started and Trump called on the governors to call in the national guards and “dominate the streets.” 

Then there were reports that Russia put bounties on our troops and Trump knew about this for months and did nothing.

And most recently there were reports that [Trump called our troops “losers.”](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-said-us-soldiers-injured-and-killed-in-war-were-losers-magazine-reports/2020/09/03/6e1725cc-ee35-11ea-99a1-71343d03bc29_story.html)

He betrayed everyone. I can’t support this. I don’t know how anyone can support this.

We shame people for changing sides so often. Trumpgret, leopards ate my face, etc. it’s all so sad. We need to be more accepting of people changing. Everyone changes, adapts, learns. 

Overthrow the dictator, vote biden.

Welcome friend.  I truly believe you can help us save our democracy.

Good to see! You're always welcome here  ♥

Congrats! Do you mind telling your story?

Welcome to the Big Tent. Let's make America America again.

Hope you can convince a friend or two to do the same with you.

America's best days are yet to come!

A MAGA hat in its natural habitat.

Props, it’s not always easy going against groupthink and tribal mentalities

This is basically +2 votes

I hope you will feel welcome and well represented!

Welcome to the big tent. We’ll work together with dignity and respect.

Hell yeah brother! Cheers from New Jersey.

could you post your /r/Trumpgret  ??  I would very like to know what line was crossed.   im guessing the veterans line

Welcome!!! The closer we get to November, I feel like I’m seeing way more unity than division and it’s been very comforting.

Most MAGA hats are Made in China.

Glad to have you onboard! I don't know if you've had a realization that Trump just isn't good for the country and the Republican Party or find yourself more in line with Democratic thinking, but in either case I hope that 2024 becomes a year where both candidates are laudable people. I'm glad you're voting Biden/Harris in 2020!

let’s GOOOOOO

This is great, welcome! :) We can disagree on policy later, let's try to save our Democracy first together.

Thank you for being open to changing your stance! Hope there are many more like you, it gives me hope for this country. Welcome!

Welcome to the tent!

I've never even seen a MAGA hat in real life, and I live in Missouri lol (although in my St. Louis bubble).

This is beautiful, normalize changing your opinion! Trump has proved time and time again that he’s just a privileged man filled with hate who wants to capitalize on working class Americans who feel insecure in our country. We don’t need all this division, we’re all in it to build a better country and a better future for our children

Welcome friend !

Part of me wants to burn it, but I don't like polluting, so this works.

I have nothing really to say I just love seeing my flair

YES, BROTHER! COME TO THE SANE SIDE. WE FORGIVE YOU AND WELCOME YOU BACK TO REALITY. TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW. DUMP TRUMP!

Welcome!

Keep it, that shits gonna be worth money someday when we remember the one time we were on the brink of fascism 🤞

I hope you also remember the republicans that are keeping this man in office letting him go unchecked.

This is fucking amazing coming from OP who said in response to an ask Reddit why people don’t believe in evolution “No proof” and “Why are apes still around.” That’s how fucking gnarly Trump is. Kudos to you OP.

What’s your story? I’ve been democrat since the day I was born but i love hearing stories of people who switched. Also welcome to the tent! I’m glad you stepped into the right side of history!

Examining long-held biases and deciding to make the change to be a better person is leaps and bounds more difficult than digging your head in the sand so thank you for making the difficult decision and let’s win this thing.

Changing your mind when presented with new evidence is a sign of strength, not weakness.

Proud of you

Where it belongs

This should become a thing...

I hope you didn’t have to buy that

Joe Biden will live rent free next to Obama in his head

"I TOLD MY VOTERS TO VOTE IN PERSON INSTEAD OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WHY ARE MAIL-IN BALLOTS SO DEVASTATING WAAAAAAA"

I love the snarky response below the tweet

The funny part is that voter fraud is very rare and is about the chance of you getting struck by lightning.

[https://www.brennancenter.org/issues/ensure-every-american-can-vote/vote-suppression/myth-voter-fraud](https://www.brennancenter.org/issues/ensure-every-american-can-vote/vote-suppression/myth-voter-fraud)

10:17 PM? How can it be PM

Trump: “don’t vote by mail, it’s a scam and so is coronavirus”

Republican voters: *overwhelmingly vote in person  on Election Day, ensuring mail-in ballots are overwhelmingly democrat*

Trump: *surprised pikachu face*

The military votes by mail. How dare anyone not count the military's vote.

Plus you explicitly told your supporters not to vote early.

BECAUSE ITS DEVASTATING TO MY CASE YOUR HONOR!!

And when he tries again in 2024, a smidgen of his supporters will be dead because of the virus they contacted by going to vote in person. (lessening the odds a wee bit) - bravo you irradiated turnip

I hope Twitter can ban him once he's gone. Imagine him losing his voice.

What does he mean power of destruction?

Fucking Thank You! I'm already seeing so much shit about voter fraud with this. Taking issue with this like the postal service isn't being fucked with, people from black democrat areas weren't maced on their way to the polls, people didn't try to intimidate those opposed to Trump, and so on.


Medicine isn't political. Those who believe that are less likely to support Trump.

At this point, I think Trump needs serious therapy.

He's scared. That's why he's been bitching all night

"Your honor I object!"

"why is that?"

"Because it's devastating to my case!"

Because you literally told your supporters to vote in person. And then they did.

Everyone on my Facebook (red county, trump supporters) is calling this a rigged election

Seeing Donny go down while kicking and screaming, we love to see it

/r/LeopardsAteMyFace material with no reply needed.

Makes me wonder if he ever actually served in a political office before all this

Don't forget he literally told his supporters not to vote by mail

Love this response

https://i.imgur.com/oF05qou.jpg

Trump understands. He's sowing confusion to steal the election.

Joe is winning 💙

He's trying to twist this into a conspiracy theory against him because he knows his brain dead supporters who live in an echo chamber of Fox News and QAnon Facebook groups will take the bait. Anyone who knows their shit knows that A) This election was likely going to take longer to count ballots than normal because of mail in ballots and B) the majority of mail in voters were democrats. This was fully expected. I'm torn on whether Trump is genuinely too dumb to understand this or he's purposely twisting this to pander to his base.

They vote mail in ballots to avoid being attacked by trump supporters.

Power of destruction is what I call a late night taco bell binge

I can't believe he is do dumb

Yeah like remember how you were trying to get rid of mail in ballots...? Come on, keep up here Donald.

I would like to speak to the 56.4K people who liked that tweet

his brain can't comprehend basic common sense, like, this is a conclusion you come to on your own and feel too embarrassed to ask anyone about lmao

His tweet is just so funny. Mail-in ballot dumps are weapons of mass destruction... for his pride

I'm so thankful my polling place was so empty yesterday.  Thank you mail in voting, thank you early voting!

Exactly, Trump claims to be educated in business, finance, and economics but unfortunately, he needs help with his democratic-republic homework.

Trump supporters will look at this and think: “No, that can’t be it, must be voter fraud”

I had to think about what Trump said for a second. Power of destruction? He's speaking in terms of something like the atomic bomb.

He mad because his fuck with the mail, only vote in person plan backfired spectacularly.  What he is really saying here is "I fucking cheated my ass off and I am still losing, how!?"

How did he Tweet this at 10pm on the 4th, if I'm reading this at 5:26pm on the 4th?

I’m not worried about them stealing the election through lawsuits; I’m worried about them completely bypassing it.

Can't wait for the people to doompost over this now too. And how Trump is dangerous and deadly, when really, every lawsuit he's put forth has failed, when every law he's broken has been under the scope of the executive branch (making it easier to get away with by default), even Republicans hate him and are trying to pretend like they still back him, etc.

Look, he and his administration are trying to look strong. He isn't. He's weak. He's pathetic.

Let's put it this way folks if there was no voter suppression and GOP shenanigans we would have kicked their ass even more.

It's just noise. One last Trumpian fuck you to make liberals and Democrats upset. The GOP follows along because they're terrified of what he'll do to them down in Georgia if they don't.

I just had the thought of Chris Farley interviewing Joe Biden: 

Do, do you remember, when you were running for president, and won the election?


Yeah, Chris.


And-and a bunch of people didn't want to believe it and uh th-they were uh, wrong?


Sure do.


Do-do ya remember that?

[They legitimately believe the Trump campaign has uncovered more than 200,000 illegal Biden votes](https://i.imgur.com/cecEoyA.jpg)

Oh and let's not fall in to the media narrative of a close election.

Biden is approaching landslide victory. Particularly impressive considering an incumbent was running. It's only "close" because of the way we do elections. The people clearly and definitively want Biden over Donald.

How long are these lawsuits going to even go on? I just want them to give up.

With Pompeo saying "there will be a smooth transition to a second term of Trump" worries me deeply. 

We need to stay vigilant, the war ain't over. We have another battle to win and I'm fucking nervous the Republicans are going to do something crazy and fascist

Trump is so fucking pathetic and is such an embarrassment to every single patriot who ever fought for our democracy.  I never in my life thought id see a president be a sore loser and literally act like a toddler.  Just shocking how some people go their entire lives having zero integrity or morals, not even understanding how to be a gracious loser when 4 years ago he was given the exact same courtesy hes denying Biden.  There is no place deep enough in hell for trump.  I don't know how we are supposed to unite as a country when trumpers wont even offer a finger of compromise, its disguting.  All the while Biden is trying to appeal to all americans while they are still claiming false, pathetic, and bullshit election fraud, its so annoying

A lawyer did a breakdown of the president's lawsuits and it made me feel much better:  
[https://youtu.be/ha7iWECm\_8E](https://youtu.be/ha7iWECm_8E)

Fewest states for Trump to win would be:

PA, Ga, MI which is 207k votes to overturn

Fewest votes would be 

GA, AZ, Wi, NV

THats 83,200 votes

Trump ain't going win

DO NOT IGNORE THIS! We as citizens need to be ready to resist this bullshit coup attempt. DO NOT FREEZE OR SHRUG IT OFF! Normal citizens have stopped coups before. Please please share this info everywhere and with everyone. 

10 ways to stop a coup
https://wagingnonviolence.org/2020/09/10-things-you-need-to-know-to-stop-a-coup/

14149 now in Georgia... the gap keeps growing 😀

As an Indian immigrant with an Indian wife, I am breathing a sigh of relief.
I came here to get an education and never left. I came to the US in 2007 and right after Obama, things felt so much better.
In the US, I found a place to where I belonged. Growing up in India, I never had that feeling.

Trump came in 2016 and I lived on edge ever since. 

Everytime I went back to see my mom, I will be worried about going through the visa interview process. Granted DHS were never too welcoming, but I didn't feel a sense of hostility from them, until 2016. I made a point to enter the US either from NYC or SFO, as I might get agents who have lived amongst brown people and might be a little more human towards us.

On Saturday, We were so happy and felt the joy that I first felt when I landed at ORD from New Delhi, many years ago.

N O   M A L A R K Y!

Once more for the people in the back! 

BIDEN WON TRUMP LOST!!

Trump is scared af to go to jail. He’s clinging on to power since he still has it for 60 some days.

Those poor people rigging the election, that’s a lot of work filling out that many ballots 😜 miss y’all from the mega threads 😘

Those are some bigly numbers. Yuge.

I read they’ll call GA by Friday, and then have the recount if requested.

Votes are still trickling in and changing the margins. We might not keep Arizona.

But we have just passed the no-lose mark in PA. Trump would need more than 100% of the remaining votes to win. And NV and GA are looking better all the time (though not certain yet). 

[https://alex.github.io/nyt-2020-election-scraper/battleground-state-changes.html](https://alex.github.io/nyt-2020-election-scraper/battleground-state-changes.html)

I just read the craziest shit how they think 900+ dead ppl voted in PA .. what in the actual fuck republicans? You stoop to the lowest of levels.

I am worried he is going to take it illegally.  He could have won every state, he would still try this.

We = America

Recounts rarely (3\* out of 4,687\*\*) result in changes of more than a few hundred votes, so all of the above are secure.  

\*all three to Democratic wins.

\*\*2000-2015

I was scared at first, but it is so refreshing to be on here. Imagine having people bash you for your age, speech impediment, gender, or skin color because they have nothing left. 2021 has promise and I am excited.

Fuck the electoral college. Biden is going to win this election by over 4 million votes. Far, far more Americans voted for Biden to be president.

I think y'all give Trump too much credit. The administration couldn't even book the right place to have their "tell-all" press conference and yet we expect them to successfully litigate three states out of their results... Unreal

We will see what is trump up to in the next few weeks if so

The Electoral College system puts money over people.

Any time the party that cares about people can win the Electoral College, it means they have vastly overwhelmed the simple-majority rules of plural voting.

It is harder for a Democrat to win, because it takes more than half the votes.

This isn't a simple victory. It's a clear mandate to stop the plutocracy.

Why hasn't Georgia, North Carolina, and Alaska been called? I want to see final score putting Biden over 300

They wanna recount MI because of a 20,000 vote error, sorry but 20,000 votes won't change anything there.

I think the point is to fix the election process. Obviously Trump wants back in but I think most republicans know it’s over.

Did google stop updating its AP map? George and NC are still lightly colored.

PA and MI seal the deal.

My anxiety needed this today 😍
Keep voting and getting others to vote, y’all!

It might actually be a bloodbath for the Republicans this Tuesday.  No stimulus package, Covid19 cases on the rise, and a Supreme Court Judge nobody wants right now. And Republicans think they can run on that in their state? Hell no

Edit: watch for a huge stock market drop in the coming days.

Pennsylvania scares the hell out of me,he needs to win that state.

Run up the score! Ice cream for all

I love seeing the red dots disappear.

Right now, I am just hoping that the polls are right about the election and that we get this decisive win. While Biden definitely has more paths to the presidency, it wouldn't take much to give Trump an opening.

Let's just make sure we get out there and vote, and get our friends to get out there and vote. If Trump somehow wins, irreparable damage will be done to our country.

In Maine Biden is favored to win 90/100. God I can’t wait to end this nightmare of Trump era depression. Good job team 💪

Here’s hoping the Rust Belt and FL come through for us!! 🤞🏾

I really hope biden wins .white supremism is rising and trump cultist are completely blinded .biden is our only hope

I want to believe these odds but I really don’t.

God, if Biden could win 300+ electoral votes and embarrass him I’d be ecstatic!  Unfortunately, his supporters would just cry that it was rigged

i know how easy it is to get caught up in the excitement and i hope people are pouring their excitement into getting their friends, contacts, neighbors and area to the polls for joe and kamala.  we can't let up.  doesn't matter how good it looks.  don't stop until the polls close in hawaii!!!!

He's lost 2 in PA in the past few days, and that's stressing me out

Not enough. 

They've made it clear they're going to throw out as many mail-in ballots as they can with the help of his cronies he put on the Supreme Court, no less.

That could tip the scales several percentage points.  

I'm redoubling my efforts to get the vote out.  Shout it from the rooftops.  

We need a 10-point margin in PA, WI, MI, MN to feel anything but very, very concerned.

I think 538 predicted 91-9 by election day.  It's getting close.

I'm glad to see this for kind of stupid reasons.

The other day, it dipped from 87 to 86. Then I went to bed that night and had a dream that I kept refreshing the page and it kept dipping one point every time.

When it went back up to 87, I was somewhat relieved. When it then went up to 88, I was even more relieved. 89 is even better.

This is entirely an emotional reaction, and maybe that makes me a triggered liberal. But whatever, I care about the fate of America, so I don't want another four years of President Archie Bunker Homer Simpson.

My fear is that the republicans will do everything in their power to steal the election. This is still really good to hear though

If Biden win Pa, Trump has a 2% chance of winning according to  538

Fucking vote dear god please I'm anxious and need to stop looking at polls and shit this is killing me

Both my MIL and mother, who have always cast their votes for Republicans, voted for Joe! My MIL to get Trump out and my mom because she looooooooooves Obama and Biden is like second Obama to her.

Just remember the strategy is to ensure its not even close on election day.. because if it's close the house always wins.

So make sure your voting early and in person!

I'm not trusting it til we have Biden declared, but NGL it's a beautiful thing to see.

Not what I saw on r/Trump.  They say the only way he'll lose is if they cheat. And if that happens there will definitely be a civil war this time, definitely for sure this time.... just a hoard of fat lazy old white men and their Karen wives waddling down mainstreet wheezing under the weight of their Wish.com body armor and their budget ARs loaded with Walmart brand .223 stuffed into a single unreliable 100 round drum mag.

Its for real this time people! The exact same folks that can't wear a paper mask to protect their country are definitely going to do a hard and dangerous thing at great personal risk!

MORE

The republicans might’ve given up congress and the presidency for a generation to get control of the court.

Ive been checking 538 near daily, and while I am ecstatic to see this - along with the new A+ rated WI poll showing Biden up +17 - Trump still has an 11 point chance, which is higher than I would like. I am most concerned about Pennsylvania, as I think this is going to be the deciding state. Biden is up by \~5 points, but that is still within standard margin of error (3.5 for each candidate, so a 7 point swing). Remember that Clinton was up by 4.4 points in 2016 in Pennsylvania - and ended up losing the state.

Less than a week to go! We can do this!

PLEASE make sure everyone gets out and votes and bring friends with you! I have seen MULTIPLE pieces in the last 24 hours that the Democrat lead from early voting/mail-in ballots is not hitting the thresholds needed for "comfortable" victories in competitive states that we need to win.

On election day in 2016, Hillary was favored 71% to 28%.
This "new record" is still MORE THAN 1 in 10 and too much for my comfort.

 Trump will litigate and his appointees at the SCOTUS will hand him victories.

PLEASE PLEASE LET'S GET OUT THE VOTE. THE FIGHT IS NOT OVER YET!!

It might be a bloodbath this Tuesday, but only if you treat it like a close election, because it is. We have no idea what Trump will do do make this go sideways. This week will be crazy. 

We've been here before 4 years ago and tons of people got complacent. Don't until your ballot goes in the ballot box and you verify your ballot was counted.

In the words of Kobe "game ain't over".... Vote

Nate Silver is the only famous person from our undergraduate class. I have to feel a bit of pride for that! He’s made such a huge impact.

Nothing is set in stone until every ballot is counted. Appreciate this moment, keep organizing, and get out to vote.

Still a non-negligible chance 😱 quoting 538, would you buy a house that has 11% chance of its plumbing exploding? Oh hell no.

Im still so scared the nutjob will be re-elected. I just want class, dignity, and sanity in the president.

Thank you.  And know that if the Democrats ever have someone like Trump on their ticket, I will be lining up with you to oppose them.

Thank you for putting country first!

I'm in the same boat, Biden is the first (d) I have ever voted for. Trump has been the single most divisive and reckless president in my lifetime, and I can't in good faith vote for him.

I just finished posting in your other thread and happened to see this, and I wanted to tell you how much this means to both myself and everyone else here. Thank you so much, man, I can't tell you how grateful I am.

Thank you for your support.

Proud of you—I’m a repub as well and me and my whole fam are voting joe. Best of luck!

Thank you for putting country over party. I look forward to true conservatives starting to rebuild the party on November 4th.

I'm very encouraged by the amount of Republicans voting Biden right now. Every single one is a 2 vote differential.

I saw a few of your posts in r/Trump and I think you might be interested in The Lincoln Project. They’re basically ex-Republicans trying to rid the GOP of Trumpism and their enablers and trying to return some form of sanity to it.

Country over party!!!  Thank you.

Keep an open mind, and keep reading. I used to vote Republican too.  I’ve switched sides permanently now and it feels great.  After a lifetime of garbage crammed down my throat and into my brain it’s quite liberating.

BTW, friend, you had replied on your last post, what you've said is not true, Joe Biden will never defund the police, I won't support him anymore if he do that, and won't have huge changes on taxes, he's more liberal on climate change and student loan debt. Come to this sub more often, and get to more about Joe Biden.

I hope I never have to return the favor, and that we never reach this point in American democracy again, but I just want you to know that if the Democrats ever go off the deep end and nominate left wing Trump, I'll be thinking of the brave conservatives like you who did the right thing and do my part. It's people like you who keep our democracy alive. Thank you.

Thank you!

Thank you!  We really appreciate it...BELIEVE ME!

I am in the same position as you; I voted for a democrat for the first time in my life this election. There are SO many people that feel as we do. The only way we can rebuild the party is to vote out Trump and completely rid the party of Trumpists.

Hey!! Former Republican here, I won’t be returning to the party. I voted 3rd party in 2016, but I’m not making that mistake again. Country over party!

Hey I saw your last post and sorry some people were just being mean to you. I assure you that majority of us love having people who understand a clear need to steer this nation into right direction in this big tent! Thank you for voting and keeping an open mind!

Your country thanks you.

Thank you.

I have a question though.  This relates to the famous quote "what is in a name?"  from Shakespeare.  Why would you say you will always be a Republican?  I am assuming you chose to be Republican at some point for reasons.  What if the current Republicans did not match those reasons at all?

Don't get me wrong, I ***really*** hope the true, honest conservatives can reclaim the party.  I really do.  But I do not know enough about politics to give you odds on that.  What if they can't?  What if dishonest people steal the name "Republican"?   I ask because, while I don't know the odds, I can't help but think the odds might be better if they knew they could lose support.

Full disclosure:  From 1987 to 2016 I was unaffiliated voter so party loyalty isn't natural for me.  So perhaps that is what I am struggling to understand.

Welcome to the big tent!

Thank you for choosing country over party!

Thank you  you are doing a good thing  wish I could  convince my dad to do the same

I am an Independent but have been leaning into the DNC since 2016. I hope we will do our best to not let you or anyone down.

I'm in the same boat. Registered Republican who voted Clinton in 2016 and will be voting Biden. Looking forward hopefully to days when Republicans' spines regenerate and I can vote on issues and not the fate of the Republic.

Welcome aboard! Big tent!

Welcome buddy! Glad to have you <3

Congrats and thank you.  There is a lot of hard work ahead of us.

Rock on! 🤘🤘

Thank you

Thank you for putting country before party

Right there with you (on the left). Lifelong Republican here, since Reagan. Trump must go.

Always be careful declaring your allegiance to a party forever. Don’t tie yourself to the party, tie yourself to your ideals and always follow them no matter the party.

AS A CANADIAN WHO HAS BEEN HAVING A LOT OF MENTAL HEALTH ISSUES EXACERBATED BECAUSE OF HOW MUCH YOUR PRESIDENT AFFECTS THE REST OF THE WORLD AND THE SUFFERING HE CAUSES, FUCKING THANK YOU FROM US TOO

A VOTE FOR BIDEN IS A VOTE FOR THE _UNITED_ STATES OF AMERICA

A VOTE FOR BIDEN IS A VOTE FOR THE HUMAN RACE AS A WHOLE

A VOTE FOR BIDEN IS A VOTE FOR BRINGING BACK SOME GODDAMN SANITY AND RESPECT TO THE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT 

THIS ISN'T JUST A VOTE FOR THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES,  IT'S A VOTE FOR THE ENTIRE WORLD WITH HOW DEMOCRACY, INFLUENCE AND FOCUS WILL PLAY OUT FOR THE NEXT 4 YEARS AND I PRAY TO WHJOEVER OR WHATEVER FUCKING HIGHER POWER THERE IS THAT THERE IS ENOUGH OF YOU REPUBS HOLDING YOUR NOSE AND VOTING FOR COUNTRY OVER PARTY

I'm a lifelong Democrat, but I hope you know that if there's ever a choice between a hardline left populist and a moderate Republican, I'll vote against my party.

Look at him cowering behind the column. He can’t deal with anyone but his own rabid fan base. Reality smacked him in the face.

This was posted over in r/politics around 1030, received upwards of ~~40k~~ 30k upvotes, close to 3k comments, and has since been removed. 

Strikes me as odd.

Edit: [the article/post](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/iyy02p/trump_loudly_booed_and_greeted_with_vote_him_out/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) is still up, but it’s no longer top of the news portal

/r/watchpeopledieinside

“Do you hear the people sing”

How do you save an audio file from a video these days? I want to make this my ringtone until after November.

Im surprised that casket is still standing, what with Ginsburg rolling around in it so hard right now.

You love to see (and hear) it!

I'll admit, I chanted along to the video. It's hard to find wins these days. Vote him out!

Are they saying, “Vote him out”, or “Vote him out-urns”?

I was sure this was a stunt and RBG was going to climb out of the coffin

I have goosebumps, it feels good to know none of us are alone we all have each other in this trying time.

Our nation hasn't been this divided since the Civil War.  
  
I can't wait for Joe to be our president. I can't wait for the hatred to be gone. I can't wait to have my country back.  
  
Please, vote in November.

Our little boy is wearing a mask. Our little Donny is finally growing up.

Welp, time for another rally....

The White House posted this on Twitter with all the booing edited out. 

https://twitter.com/whitehouse/status/1309153414375452673

This sounds so dystopian... I can’t wait for Biden to put this administration out of its misery

This is the best thing I've seen all year

I would love to know what is going through his mind at that point, standing there hearing the boos and then "vote him out"; we know he has a fragile ego and is constantly seeking praise. We also know that despite his outward appearance he knows that the poll numbers are correct, and while his base is strong it does not make up a majority of the electorate; so being bombarded poll after poll after poll showing him losing to Biden and then hearing the chant "vote him out" must have shattered him. But just like a cornered animal trump can lash out unexpectedly, he has the support of the Senate Republicans and a fight for another SCOTUS seat; Democrats need to start playing hardball.

Imagine if you could send this video back in time to the voters of 2016. Donald Trump standing over RBG lying in state. While people scream and boo at him. And everybody is wearing masks. Why? Oh because there's a pandemic and there are 200k Americans dead. It is truly horrifying to think of what a video from 4 years in the future looks like if Biden doesn't win!

trump* is one of the most hated people in the USA, and the world, for many good reasons

The man who said he would enter a building during a school shooting.

he probably went home and threw himself on the floor and had tantrum like the little fucking bratt he is lmao

Where we are in the timeline right now is Germany 1938.(I stand corrected, 1932!) Anything, anyone can do to stop this asshole is a great idea. RBG would not mind this shouting at all. But what can we really do? We can vote. Take responsibility for your vote all the way down the track. Be registered. Vote! If by mail, get it done correctly and early! If in person, Don't be intimidated by right wing thugs. Have a good ID with you, and stay calm. Everyone vote. RBG died for your rights, lets show her respect with a landslide victory for the president, and senate!

Why is everyone being so mean to Trumplethinskin? 

Acid snakes have feelings too.

Look at him run away. What a turd stain.

Things you absolutely LOVE to see.

This is the best thing I’ve ever seen. This is true democracy, let that bastard know he isn’t liked and his corruption isn’t going unnoticed.

DC booed Trump for seeing RBG's coffin.

Another reason to give us statehood.

This was glorious. I think I heard RBG booing from inside the box.

u/vredditdownloader

He's the nastiest president of modern history. In some ways, nastiest of all time.

Fuck Donald Trump and his entire murderous regime.

This gave me so much joy today.

W

It doesn't really surprise me tbh.

I think it’s pretty racist to assume she was only endorsed because she is black, and not for her policies. 

She had one of the best campaign videos I’ve ever seen.

This woman is awesome and it don't hurt that she's a dime piece

Shouldn't Trump NOT give her his endorsement because she's black? Since apparently he's a fucking nazi? Is there one smart leftist on the planet and can we talk to them please?

The most racist people I ever met were Democrats. My own mother is a dyed in the wool Hillary supporter who even now uses that washed up hag’s likeness as an avatar, and she does not like blacks at all, would tell us about “the part of town” where there were blacks so you know “it’s dangerous there”. She thinks Hillary walked on water tho so it’s ok 👌

She’s great! I hope she wins

Wow, Kimberly Klacik is fantastic.  Wish her the best of luck and hope she wins a seat in Congress.

The Republican Party was the party of Lincoln.  If any black democrats believe that the parties “switched” in the 60’s, I implore them to “take it back” - vote republican, register republican, run republican!

Kim is amazing!

LMAO. She's awesome.

This is good, we need more young conservatives like this who aren't crazy-liberal attention seekers who turned conservative opportunistically like Owens.

🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥

CALLED ‘EM OUT! Get ‘em Kim!

Vicious, nicely done.

I guess I should feel some shame then for giving unconditional blanket approval to all of Trump's endorsements then.  But no matter what, still voting Trump.

If just like to point out again that Kamela Harris isn’t black. She’s Indian pretending to be African American because it will get more votes. When she ran for Congress she ran as an Indian American woman, now all of the sudden she runs for VP as an African American woman? Sorta obvious what she’s doing.

Damn, democrats just got scorched

Is it just me or is she beautiful?

You got his endorsement for being honest and telling people what we need to hear not what we want to hear. Good luck

The best part is that Biden still picked the least black option he could!

I love this so much

100% Truth

I mean I think its fine choosing your running mate for tactical reasons to be from an certain background

"Duck, duck goose", or OG "eenie, meenie, miney, mo"?

Fair point.

I want to show this to my conservative friends but none of them like talking about politics. Only my husband does and he's too busy. 😭 so lonely

Good one

Literally nobody says that. You’re the Republican candidate on the ballot. Saying things like this turns black voters away from her. People aren’t voting for her unless there are thousands of republicans hiding in Baltimore.

How come all of the “accidents” or “glitches” seem to benefit Biden?? If that does scream fraud, idk what does.

“Accidentally”

LITTLE BIT MORE THAN AN OOPSIE

What other "accidents" are out there? They should be ashamed bit I'm afraid they don't have it in them. I guess if you think Trump is Hitler it makes it easier to justify just about anything.

that's a pretty HUGE FUCKUP

#✌✊✌✊ACCIDENTALLY✊✌✊✌

Gonna be a lotnof accidents or glitches sorta like the same excuse twitter gives

Oopsie 🤷‍♂️

Most bullshit election in the history of elections

In an Election.. "accidentally" can **F^(%** a nation. If i screwed up big on a job like this i wouldnt have that job long.

Whoopsie Daisie!

Oops. Sorry.

How do you "Accidentally" give someone 100,000 votes, this is voter fraud on an industrial scale!

Can someone post a link? Not doubting it just saying that we should have evidence before making a claim like that

Just further proof of the left's level of corruption and their ability to count... have you seen some of the folks at these polling sites? almost like a craigslist ad was posted and food or gas would be given as payment....smh

We caught them and now there taking it back, lol. I wonder if MI and WI is the same

“In Fairfax County, an early-morning math error led to over-reporting Biden’s lead by roughly 100,000 votes — a mistake that Stephen M. Hunt, chairman of the Fairfax County electoral board, said was discovered and corrected within 10 to 15 minutes.

Hunt said approximately two-thirds of Fairfax County’s vote came through early absentee voting. An election worker initially erroneously added 100,000 to Biden’s absentee ballot count when adding up all the sources of absentee ballots in the county: by mail, through a dropbox, in person. The correct vote totals in Fairfax County as of 2:30 a.m. Wednesday showed Biden with roughly 404,000 votes to Trump’s roughly 162,000.” 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/local/virginia-politics/virginia-election-2020/2020/11/03/0512a38c-1a20-11eb-befb-8864259bd2d8_story.html%3FoutputType%3Damp

I’m ready to see the coronavirus action plan. Do they give us a bunch of money and lock the country down? Or do they just go about business as usual?

Imagine that... if they steal this election say goodbye to freedom

Can someone show me the source so I can actually tell someone and be able to back it up? Cant find it

Ehh even with 100k it’s not enough to win the county or the state but it should be accurate either way

Cant wait to see the cries of the democRAT supporters when they know the game is up!

Google is suppressing this

Factual?

That’s no accident... that was intended

VA should DEFINITELY be red.

If I read it on the internet....

Does anyone think this was a trap by Trump? I mean he 100% knew they would do this, he himself has talked about it for months if not years. How can they know all that and not either 1. stop it before it happens (obvi didnt happen) or 2. have a trap to catch these fuckers and bring it down. At this point it has to be 2. I cannot believe they would just let this happen and decide to just fight it in courts after if they do it. There is no way he just said "Fuck it" and had no plan in place for this. The more they just tweet though the more i am worried

Can we get a better source on this than a tweet?

LMAO HOW DO YOU ACCIDENTALLY GIVE SOMEONE 100,000 VOTES?

Lol.

Can someone provide any proof? Because I can’t find any at all

Unbelievable. People like this should be in jail.

And yet he had a thumb of gold, begad.

Ahh yes. The Democratic party's master plan. Allocating an extra 100,000 votes to Biden in an area that is 90% democratic (with 3 electoral votes at stake), and then announcing it to the public.  LOCK THEM UP!!!!!!!!!!!

Has this been confirmed by any other site? Seems like someone closer to the DC suburbs than Arizona might be all over this.

Either way there’s no way that trumps winning where this area is. Maryland or D.C

I too get my election news from Twitter accounts with typos.

I don't see that tweet on their page. Is this real?

So pathetic how the dems can get away with anything. Especially the stuff they claim to be against.

On Wikipedia, it said that during the VP debate, Pence made inaccurate statements about the findings of the Mueller Report which I found to be ridiculous

We now know Trump was investigated for Clinton's crimes and impeached for Biden's. What a world.

Why block his name?   


Amiri is the man! ;)

Bizarro clown world

Welcome to Earth 2020. Up is down black is white and all white is racist.

Where is Biden!!!!  He even went deeper into the bunker!!!!!

Planet Cancel

This is what happens when you allow corporations to run freely without consequence. Government regulations are needed.

Earth.

What planet

What do you expect from the CRY BABY LIBERALS. They are too busy crying then to listen to the FACTS.

Planet Democrat, where evil is good and good is evil.

A blue one that needs to turn red this November.

New York Times is not a credible source for anything. Not even a recommendation for lunch!

Do we have proof?  YES!  Just look at the wealth of information from the owner of the store where Biden dropped off the laptops to get them fixed!!

1) WHERE DID IT COME FROM? “the owner of the computer store, John Paul MacIsaac, was unable and unwilling to answer key questions about how the laptop supposedly arrived in his store, and eventually, how the data was shared with Giuliani”

2) DID HUNTER DROP THEM OFF HIMSELF? “MacIsaac admitted he was unable to confirm it was actually Hunter Biden who dropped off the laptop because he is "legally blind"”

3) DID THE OWNER SECURE THE SENSITIVE CONTENTS? “MacIsaac refused to answer in any detail whether or why he would have searched through the laptop to find a four-year-old email, which seemingly appears to be an innocuous message about arranging a meeting for coffee.”

4) WHY ARE THE LIBS SCREAMIN’ ‘BOUT RUDY G? “MacIsaac responded to most questions about Giuliani with "no comment," saying he "didn't feel comfortable" discussing it. He declined to say whether he sought Giuliani out or vice versa, but he indicated he viewed the former New York mayor as a potential ally.”

5) THANK GOD THE OWNER IS OF SOUND MIND AND BODY AND NOT A CONSPIRACY THEORIST. “Over the course of the interview, MacIsaac said he felt his life and business were in danger by possessing this information, invoking debunked conspiracy theories of revenge, specifically mentioning false allegations that a Democratic National Committee staffer was murdered in 2016 to cover up his supposed involvement in leaking Democratic Party emails. The emails were in fact stolen by Russian intelligence operatives, and the conspiracy theory surrounding his death was boosted by a Russian disinformation campaign.”

We got Joe on the ropes. TRUMP2020

Planet run by deep state and deep state interests. Boooo.

I’m very out of the loop. What happened?

Not this earth apparently

Lies are louder than the truth nowadays

 🤡  🌎

All the mainstream media, with just a couple small exceptions, is controlled by Democrats


The swamp runs deep

I'm out of the loop.
Can someone let me in?

Bizarro Liberal World!

Can you fucking believe this world

lolololol

I will never under how the POC vote did not swing to the right after what joe and Kampala did to the POC with the policy they were involved with implementing

Can you imagine this woman being POTUS?

Love it

I was unaware of this

I really pray that this many men were not unjustly treated by her.  It took a lot of tiles to make this picture.

Try share this on Twitter and see what’s their reaction

I could live with Biden but seeing her makes me really wish Trump somehow turns it around still.

I absolutely hate Kamala and to be honest, the right messed up with their attacks on her. They spent so much time criticizing her for sleeping with someone instead of focusing on all the harm she's done to minorities throughout her entire career.

Kamala Harris is a very VERY nasty woman!

Her office argued it in Sept of 2014. She claimed she had no knowledge of it in November 2014 and condemned the argument her office made in court.

I can't stand Harris, but I'd rather trash her with facts we can stand on.

Look at the pictures they are constantly reused pictures

NOW THIS IS FUCKIN AMERICAN INGENUITY!!🇺🇲🇺🇲

Can someone give me context.

true leftists do not support her and biden. we don’t like them. we just thought they were better than trump and pence. doesn’t make them good though

It takes significant cognitive dissonance to criticize Kamala for prosecuting to the letter of the law and lift up T-Money for being a law and order president.

Throwing black men in prison is as American as apple pie. I guess people think that since Kamala is part black herself she's supposed to not throw black criminals in prison? Why no mention of the hispanic, asian and middle eastern criminals she threw in prison, they don't matter?

In California, for prison labor, none of the stuff prisoners produce can be sold, they are used for the public sector, for instance, prisoners who make desks make the desks that ends up in schools, government office buildings and police departments.

\#allcriminalsmatter

DEMS ARENT THE LEFT FUCKING IDIOTS

So what happens if Trump still refuse to concede for another month?

I can't deal with this - these republicans literally think they're entitled to the results they want. They know they have no case, they're just spewing nonsense basically to incite violence and maybe civil war ... I mean what else do they think they're accomplishing????

It's stressing me out. Sorry to doom. Blegh blegh blegh

If only they had been doing this all along we wouldn’t have had Trump in office at all.

Aw, isn't that cute?  FOX wants to be a real news network.

Source/clip can be seen here: https://twitter.com/therecount/status/1325919164058497024

Does not show the false claims but does show the cutting away

They are getting FED UP

They're trying to slink back into society.

Please don't let them--not without significant and obvious repentance.

I love this tweet: 

"Damn... even FOX cut her off. Why? Because Rupert knows a loser when he smells one. "

This has solidified my theory that he will go down as the single worst president this country has had so far. The amount of scandals, divisiveness and damage he's done to our country is unlike any other president I've seen, and now he refuses to accept that he lost. I can't remember a single president who's been so blatantly anti-democracy in the 230 years that our Constitution has existed. Correct me if I'm wrong though.

Jumping off a sinking ship...

It’s got to suck to be the intern who was told to “man the trump line” and not let him through.

Lol they’re proving to be a liability! Eating their own.

The desperation from the trump administration! Amazing.

So irritated.  Fox and the ilk are the ones who created these monsters, and now they grow a conscience?

McEnema needs to chill.

Ok so FOX News is not backing the coup attempt. I’m pleasantly surprised. GOP senators seem to not be behind it completely either. At least some are dissenting. McConnell seems to just be cautiously waiting things out. If they can find some corrupt judges he’d back it fully. 

Even if the institutions survive this, I’m not sure they’ll survive another such attack in the future without additional strengthening and changing the rules to make the whole process more modern and transparent. 

We are living in this country’s most trying times.

Fox News can kindly fuck off. They don’t get to all of a sudden get a conscience after being complicit in the lies they’ve been peddling over the last four years.

Only 4 years later....

FOX News proving that even a stopped clock is right twice a day.

good on the republicans at fox not having it. your party isnt defined by trump

Playing both sides now that they lost. They're despicable.

Where was this energy at any other point in this train wreck?

Where were they when smoky eye was spewing BS?

Watching Fox News is toxic for both democrats & republicans, they literally just gaslight people.

Even some on Fox seem done with the GOP's nonsence lately.

It doesn't matter because all their prime time goons, and elected Republicans on said shows are still pouring out falsehoods.

How did they suddenly grow a backbone? To not air lies.

They should have done that for the past 4 years.  Every single GOPer has lied their fucking asses off every time they’ve opened their mouth.

Good conscience has been available to them this whole time?

L O L

Real journalists at Fox News - of which there a quite a few very good ones - seem to win the battle these days. Bravo!

Is there a video of this happening?

*deep breaths*

Edit: Trump is now *below* 10% — 9.96%.

For reference, [Hillary's peak](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/) was 89.2% on August 14, 2016. Four days from the election, she was at just 64.5%.

Remember when Biden was ~10 percent odds to win the Democratic nomination after Nevada? What a perfectly engineered comeback from his campaign that followed. 

If he can win on Tuesday, I think he will have run an even better campaign than Obama in 2008, which I think was almost a perfect game of campaigns.

Don’t *just* “VOTE”! Continue chipping in some donations if you can afford it in this final stretch. Campaign if you have the time. Remind friends and family members to return their early ballots. Offer to drive folks to the polls on Election Day.

We can sit here in the echo chamber JoeBiden sub and yell “VOTE” at each other until we’re blue (pun) in the face, but if you want to contribute more, get off Reddit and continue the fight for change anyway you can. We’re almost there!

TAKE ALL HIS BALLS!! TAKE THEM ALL!!

When does the header change to `clearly favored`? 90-10 is definitely pretty clear (while not an insurmountable margin)

GRAB HIM BY THE BALLOT Y’ALL. We can end this nightmare.

Beat me to it you son of a gun. Have an upvote!

:-)

I can't get no satisfaction until Trump's odds drop to 0%.  Help me make this happen.

These polls mean NOTHING if you don't VOTE.

First off if you haven't voted already, go FUCKING VOTE

Second off

This makes me happy :)

FYI the numbers are likely to improve over the next few days. 538 expected the polls to tighten as we approached election day, they have slightly (by like half a point) but Biden is still roughly ahead by 9 points, and ahead in pretty much every single swing state often times he's ahead by 5 points or more.

In fact if we had the election today and Biden only won states which he had a 5 point or greater lead he'd still have 290 EC Votes.

Trump needs about 7 or 8 point swing to win

That's not happening.

Basically everything we see indicates Trump is going lose in a landslide.

God bless. Everyone knock on wood

And I’m still nervous.

Polls are great and all, but VOTE! Polls do not equal votes!

90-10 is really exciting but we need to be extremely careful. The projection isn’t taking into account the blatant corruption that’s going on throughout the country (dismantling mail sorting machines, limiting drop boxes, fake drop boxes, voter roll purging, voter intimidation, voter suppression in general and many more examples). Sadly a lot of our votes won’t be counted. We’ve got 3 days left to run up the score. If you’re already volunteering thank you so much for doing so!

VOTE

Insert obligatory doesn’t matter vote comment

I dont care, vote like its 1 in 100 that Biden wins. Polls like this cannot account for voter suppression and that orange windbag has been busting his ass trying to make sure YOU CANT VOTE. 

Send him packing. Wait in line, pack a lunch, dress warm, wear comfortable shoes. This is our time, our calling, our DUTY. If we want to get out from underneath the thumb of proto-fascism we do it NOW.

I voted Biden, actually straight democrat. I have been a lifelong libertarian and always supported 3rd parties when I can, but I could not split my vote in the off chance it would encourage Trump and his goons anymore. Hopefully my vote will help flip GA and lead to a landslide.

I'm still scared Trump will win. He didn't have the infrastructure to cheat as much as he was seen as a "newcomer"

So far he's been doing literally EVERYTHING he can to sabatoge and make sure he stays out of prison.

*FORWARD!*

*inhale*

M O R E

i love this! but still nervous enough to comment “VOTE!!!” on every poll, tik tok, instagram, and facebook post i see about the election 😂

This is the only time I'm kinda looking forward to the weekend ending....Tuesday can't come soon enough! Already voted Joe.

I don't care what the numbers say...we literally had nazis marching down the streets under Trump.  It's too late to mail in your ballot.  Get it off your side table, go drive to the drop box and deliver it in person.  Or vote in person Tuesday Nov 3rd.

YES

YES

I know, I know... but let’s not get too comfortable. 

VOTE!!! 

And if you’ve already voted, offer to drive your friends to vote! Offer to drive strangers! Put signs in your yards and stickers on your car... it ain’t over yet!

Now, all we have to do is make sure we ALL vote to make it come true!

Please please PLEASE let it hold.  

And donate to Gary Peters if you can.  Getting sweaty over here.

I won’t be able to relax until we are at 100%

any percent of trump is still too high if u ask me

Still too high chances for orange twitler

My hot take:

Fuck

Donald

Trump

Vote like we're still behind. Vote.

VOTE.

If we take control of the senate he better retire...like January 21st.

Clarence Thomas is getting up there in age too.

Replace him with an extremely liberal toddler.

Breyer is a cool dude. Gonna miss him when he goes

There are always rumors that Alito or Thomas wants to retire. Apparently, Alito hates his job, so maybe he will retire given that the right will still have a majority. It's entirely possible that we can rebalance the court in the next 4 years back to 5 - 4.

Not good enough. We're expanding the court or we're giving up the court for the rest of our lives.

From the sound of it, Joe may be sitting quite a few people on the court. And I ain’t sad about it.

Why the fuck are judges partisan? I don’t fucking get it.

Let's not repeat the hubris mistake RGB made.

It would be great if there was a plan in place to unfuck this ridiculously undemocratic institution the majority of which's members were appointed by presidents that lost the popular vote.

Imagine being this justice and thousands of peoe are counting on you to die when Biden is in office

A reminder that this is what Mitch McConnell said when they blocked Obama's pick 4 years ago. Why this is not brought up in every thread, I have no idea.

"The American people may well elect a president who decides to nominate Judge Garland for Senate consideration. The next president may also nominate someone very different. Either way, our view is this: Give the people a voice," McConnell said, according to USA TODAY.

[Link for those interested.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/5916555002)

I know this isn’t popular to say, but I can’t help but be a little upset with RBG. She was still old before 2014 and could have stepped down then while we had control of the senate.

I know it’s a case of Monday morning quarterbacking, but we shouldn’t let someone in their late 70s or early 80s make this mistake again.

he's also the best SCOTUS Justice.

How about we figure out a way where we aren't trying to replace our Supreme Court justices like popes?   Expansion, rotation from lower courts and forced retirement at 75 would go a very long way to bringing this institution into the modern age while retaining its crucial authority.

I hate to say this but RBG should've stepped down during Obama's presidency the way Kennedy did for Trump. She was 84 at the end of his term. This would've secured a fair justice as her replacement.

Who ever they nominate they need to be young enough to understand the modern world and not be on deaths doorstep in a few years.

Seems kinda sad we are already planing on this guy to die instead of letting him live this final years in peace. Scotus picks shouldn't be a life time appointment.

Just remember a republican senator said they would leave a seat open for 4 years or more before any republican senate will confirm a democrat nominee.  Down ballot votes matter too.

I’m glad RBG got so much attention the past decade, but I wonder if the other three liberal justices are ever like, uh we’re here too.

The best idea I’ve heard for how to reform the Supreme Court is to enact *retroactive* term limits. 

Breyer and Thomas leave. Court becomes 5-4 again with Roberts as a swing.

As much as it sucks to say this. IF Biden wins, they need Breyer to retire IMMEDIATELY.

I love RBG, but she should have retired during Obama to give her a replacement. I think both parties have learned a lesson here that justices cannot literally remain there until they die.

He should resign in the first two Biden years. Don't make the "mistake" (not really mistake, but ok) judge Ginsburg made. Her legacy is now on the line.

That if we get Joe and a super majority in congress.

If Biden wins Breyer should resign in his first year to avoid another RGB incident.

The next president should choose the next 5 justices.

Pack the court.

If Biden wins, Breyer should announce his retirement effective 12:01PM Jan 20

If joe wins he needs to do what RBG should have done and resign. Needs to become the trend.

It frustrates me that Breyer and Ginsburg didn't retire before Obama was out of office. I'm sure they regret it and this systems is ridiculous that they have to consider that... But they definitely should have and we wouldn't be in this situation right now.

I'll ask this of him as I did RBG....wtf? Why are they staying on the court at such an advanced age instead of stepping aside when someone like Obama could have appointed a more suitable successor?

RBG screwed us. She knew for years that she was not well. She could have put the country over her own desires and allowed Obama to pick her successor. She did not. And not we have another one doing the same thing....

Maybe when he leaves we can replace him with someone willing to protect the rights of the irreligious.

Nice bro, rocking the shit outta that

I was gonna say that this is too much Texas, but I hear that’s against the law.

Thank you so much man!!! I'm from Texas and I voted for Biden as well, plus I'm a redhead too :D Make sure to get your family and friends to vote for Biden!

Damn man seeing all these Texas posts gives me hope. I know 3 other people who voted for Biden besides myself. I helped register two of them and I took my little sister voting with me so she could see how we vote. She’ll be voting blue too in 4 years.

I'm from Texas and this partially restores some of my faith in humanity as it relates to my home state. I see so many confederate (ie. treasonous) and Trump flags in my community and it turns my stomach.  Thank you for being a responsible citizen.

# 🤠🇺🇲🍦🧢

Im getting Chuck Norris vibes here

Thanks for that fellow Texan! Now let’s get our friends and neighbors out to vote!

I like ur hat

Thank you for voting ! 🤠

Hook'em right out of office - Great Job

In Texas, everything's bigger.

If I didn't know who I was voting for, I would vote for whoever this guy voted for

YEE

and i cannot emphasize this enough

HAW

Dang it, Bobby, I really want that hat, I tell ya hwut.

I feel like this picture should be in sepia filter.

Damn, I want to be this dudes friend

Good get your friends to do the same thing.

If someone asked me what a cowboy looks like, I’d send him this picture.

Have you seen Borat 2 yet? You look just like the guy who got his daughter pregnant! No offense I guess.

This is one of the most BA I voted posts I’ve ever seen.

Thank you!

Thank you, PATRIOT!

Hopefully blue wins the state!

You da man, making us proud!

Thank you man!

Let’s GOOOOOOO!

🤘

Your vote is as awesome as your hat, and that is saying a lot. 

Thank you for your investment in our future! <3

Looking good

Cowboys that vote dem just look cooler.

Giddy-up!

Yeeeeehaw!

Cook Political Report has now ranked Texas a tossup state. Keep at it Texans. Florida’s rooting for you guys

I wanna be a cowboy

Borat's impersonation of an America was spot on ❤

Don't get complacent. Don't get cocky. This, ultimately, counts for nothing.

#Vote.

----

Take action: [**Register to vote**](https://iwillvote.com) **•** [**Volunteer**](https://go.joebiden.com/page/s/Distributed-volunteers) **•**[**Chat in Bidencord, our new Discord**](https://discord.gg/JWxEvtJ) **•**  [**Donate**](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/redditforjoe?refcode=october2020&amount=5.00)

Just an FYI that if this were to hold, Alaska and South Carolina would be tossups, and Missouri and Montana would be highly competitive.

CNN does seem to use one of the swingiest of pollsters. That’s quite the jump from Biden +4 in mid-August.

 Do I think +16 is right? No. Am I happy to see this? You bet!

When [I say Biden could hit +20 nationally](https://reddit.com/r/JoeBiden/comments/ity8bu/_/g5hp18m/?context=1), I ain’t no scrub.

New 538 forecast Now has biden 82/100 and trump 17/100

And somehow, Florida will still be within 2 points.

If everyone votes this will be a bloodbath and biden might even win on the night and then totally demolish trump in the following days.

And now 538 no longer has Trump winning Oregon in any of their simulations. About damn time.

He could have 100% and I would still be holding my breath until the end.

LETS GO UNDECIDEDS DECIDING!!!

WELCOME TO FOLKS WITNESSING BIDEN'S DECENCY AND COMPASSION AND SWITCHING TO THE RIGHT SIDE IN THIS FIGHT

LET'S VOTE, VOLUNTEER, DONATE!

CALL, TEXT, CANVAS

27 DAYS TO FINISH THIS!!!

Besides the sizable lead, what I find most positive is that Biden is above 50%. In 2016, Hillary never rose above the 50% level, but she still won the popular vote. 

If things hold, and people vote, Biden will win.

I’ll believe it when I see it but thank you for the morning dose of hope!

With the margin of error, he could be 19.6 pts ahead 😉

Run up the score. Won’t be satisfied until he’s taken a seat in the Oval Office.

Boy. I sure hope this stays this way or gets even better.

Give me fox news (I can't believe I'm saying that) or Monmouth, they were pretty accurate in 2016 and are A pollsters.

This is good news, but once again, it should be HIGHER!!

Great news but we gotta vote vote vote vote ......phonebank....get your friends and relatives and whoever to vote vote vote like your life depends on it.....everything else is noise

Y'all, focus on swing states.

Meh, I didn’t believe their Biden +4 poll so I’m not putting too much stock into this one.

That's still < 100 go Joe go!

Yeah but here's the thing. 2016 was like being traumatized. I was once hit by a car while in a crosswalk. And every time I use a crosswalk now, I'm convinced a car is going to plow right into me. That's what every Democrat is feeling right now: You might believe Biden can't POSSIBLY lose, especially to DONALD TRUMP. But it happened once, so no matter what the statistics say ...

However, I  also think -- in retrospect -- there were a few factors that Democrats should have been more aware of with Hillary: She was being investigated by the FBI, which was a disaster; she was a woman, which is a problem for (unfortunately) a lot of the country; she remains associated with Bill Clinton who, for reasons fair and unfair, is considered a predator.

I don't care if the polls show Biden ahead by 100%, it doesn't stop me from voting against Trump.  I don't trust polls.  Also, my immunocompromised wife said that we need to vote in person.  She is willing to risk getting sick over the possibility that her vote gets thrown out.

(We are in Ohio.)

Well we are going to vote for a winner who didnt get covid.  Not a loser that has to go to a special hospital for covid- what a loser.  Can you imagine.  Weak Pathetic Loser

It seems clear were just gonna have to weather the election night bullshit Trump is gonna try to stir up on Twitter before the inevitable

Stay focused and remember to vote. That’s the only way of making Biden winning a reality. In order to get things back on track we have to win as many races as possible.

And no one thought Hillary could loose in 2016 either. Just saying, circle jerking like this leads people to feel they don’t need to vote and that trump will loose anyway. It will likely be closer than we think.

I'm still not getting my hopes up until we win. When we win and Trump is out of the White House, I'll celebrate. Let's stay vigilant y'all!

Unfortunately,  ive seen this one before.

Given the news cycle, I am worried that this and the NBC poll the other day may be examples of partisan non-response bias vs an actual shift of this magnitude in the race. Does anyone know if they weight by party ID/2016 vote?

I'll just keep saying this. Fuck polls, VOTE! (and vote for Biden!)

LANDSLIDE INCOMING IF WE TAKE TEXAS WE GOING HAM IN THIS SUBREDDIT

Even more breaking I had read somewhere that even fox news has Biden ahead by 14%.

This is absurd.  I want to believe, but I'm still too traumatized by 2016 to have hope.

How the FUCK do 41% support trump

Vote like trump is leading by 16.

If you're a Biden supporter, y'all need to campaign, operate and act like you're BEHIND by 16 points!

How the fuck is that so high? How is Trump on 41%?

From another country looking in - HOW THE F#&K does trump still have support from 40% of voters. 

&#x200B;

MY GOD

I have been following this topic but has it actually been confirmed he actually did the process of pulling out yet? A lot of time he talks crap to bluff get what he wants before his team has to do damage control. Trump himself absolutely doesn't want to do it of course.

I still think he won't do the debate though because he is a feckless coward. I am just wondering if he went as far to submit the paperwork yet which is the final "no going back" point.

I'd like to say i'm shocked by this but yeah, i'm just not. Seriously, the man is contagious and he's acting like he gets a commission for every new case of COVID he directly passes along to someone. I'm glad the debate commission are acting like the adults in the room here because regardless of how you feel, I'd hope we could agree that this is a unique situation that requires steps like these to happen. It's better this virtual debate than no debate at all: [https://magpiebrule.ca/2020/10/08/virtual-insanity/](https://magpiebrule.ca/2020/10/08/virtual-insanity/)

Trump can’t talk over Biden if it’s over zoom and they can mute him. That is if he can even stay “coherent” for 90 minutes at this point.

Perfect, Joe should offer to bring Kamala on stage and have a town hall together. 

Trump can quit the debate and have his rally, the people he need to win the election aren't going to be at his rally. My conservative parents have mentioned multiple times over the last 3 weeks that they are amazed this debate is a held virtually. 

This won't go over well with anyone not far right. Americans have been using virtual meetings the entire year due to the ineptitude of the coronavirus response. I would like Trump to explain why debate can't be held virtually.

I prefer a president that listens to scientists and is able to adapt for the good of the nation.

Did trump just ragequit the debate because he was losing?

They should just have Alec Baldwin show up in place of Trump.

trump's been looking for a way out; no way he can shout for 90 minutes when he's still having breathing issues

Not that it needs pointing out, but everything that is happening with the debates being virtual is Trump's own fault.

Haha what a coward, he’s failed at everything and his fragile ego can’t take the challenges to it anymore.

Oh wow, who would’ve saw that coming? /s

It’s more a waste of our time, honesty.

He's a coward.

Everything he accuses others of is just a naked reflection of himself.

Says the guy who watches Fox News and golfs all day every day

Two reactions:    


(1) Trump needs the debates more than Biden.  No need to take new risks when you're up double digits.

(2) Trump pulling out is one thing, but Biden pulling out is not a bluff.

I have to attend all my work meetings remotely, NBD. Kids have to fucking LEARN remotely, NBD. Trump has to debate remotely, bows out.

What a fucking coward. What a joke this administration is.

He's so scared of Joe. I love it. #Biden2020

Trump in energized by public adoration. He thrives on it; he needs it. That's why he loves rallies so much. That's why he did the drive-by when he should have been in his hospital bed. A virtual debate won't give him the face-to-face public exposure he needs.

I've seen this said elsewhere, but...

Can Biden just show up anyway and take questions? I mean, it's a town hall format, after all - if I'm not mistaken.

He's being a gigantic idiot time after time. If he's really committed to pulling out, then it's even more of a loss. Going by his logic of "They'll just cut me off or they're going to give him a script, etc." wouldn't it be more logical to participate anyways and prove that they did it? But then again, it's Trump and logic doesn't go well with him. I swear, it's like he's doing ANYTHING to just lose.

Of course. We all know Trump can't hack it.

Can't handle a debate, can't handle being president. Let's see how he handles prison.

LOL...a virtual debate still has a huge chance of being a shitshow and no matter how it goes the trumpsers will call it unfair, biased etc.    I picture Trump doing it in the war room full with his yes men, they call on Trump to answer a "difficult" question and Jared getting in front of the camera and answering.   

Anything short of letting Trump come up with the questions himself (and none from Biden), unlimited time for Trump to speak but very limited time for Biden they will call unfair.  They don't want a debate, they want free airtime for Trump to continue to repeat his false narrative of how he's saved us all, how he works so hard, how with Biden we will fail.  Repetition is key to getting his base and conservative outlets to repeat the lies.

"I'm not going to waste my time" is what a 'toughguy' says when he realizes he's picked a fight with someone that's way tougher than him.

So the country is a waste of your time?!?!?  GTFOH. Step down trump

Biden should still attend, answer the questions and then point out that trump is unwilling and unable to lead or even participate in presidential responsibilities. Just hammer that shit home for an hour.

Trump: You're gonna run from the debates!

Biden: no u

If Trump isn’t allowed to break the rules, he’s not interested in playing the game.

